Pages missing from page 28 to 77!
Thought I was getting the illustrated version so I was disappointed... until I started reading. I'm enthralled in the series all over again, and to be honest, illustrations would probably take away from the vivid images I already have in my mind plus those books are bigger and harder to read with small hands. These books are spectacular- I won't review content because everyone knows they're amazing! I love FINALLY having my own set. I'm a 29 yr old lady who originally read these as they were published, varying sizes bought, and split up between sisters. This is one box set that's all MINE!
Do not buy this! I recently read that Amazon sells pirated books (because they don't check--they take the money no matter what they sell)-- which means, not only are the prints not authorized--which is a legal issue, but for the consumer experience, it's detrimental as well. This box set is printed on such coarse paper (paper feels like industrial pulp), the ink becomes blurred and hard to read. Worse yet, I gave them to my daughter (who is too young to know about print quality and thus never complained), and she had to squint through volumes of this crappy print that totally ruined her eyesight, before I realized what was going on. Amazon--you need to do better than this!
Beautiful covers and tough packaging. Bought these for my neices and nephews. I can read them but they are having trouble because the print on the pages. Several are blurry like this and book 1 (currently in my neices possession) has several pages with light spots down the middle and you can barely make out the words. They keep bringing the books to us for help. Haven't been into the other 4 books yet. I imagine they will be similar.
Books are printed incorrectly I'm missing about half of one of the books. Pathetic
This is a sure fire, jump-up-and-down, and wiggle-in-excitement Christmas gift for the niece. She’s been asking for this set since she was 3! I’ve always been amazed that she knew about Harry Potter from so young. My deal was that she’d get the set once she was a little older and a great reader. She started reading early - later that same year actually - and she is now a full grade ahead of her class in reading. I’m going to credit some of her accomplishment to her sincere desire to join Hogwarts.I already own this exact set and cannot wait to share in the excitement with her. There’s no need to attest to the greatness of this story; you’d have to live under a rock to not know about the acclaim of the Harry Potter series. Instead, I will say that the set arrived in great condition. The box is sturdy and keeps all of the books organized.I’m patiently waiting for the call on Christmas Day when, again, I’ll be the best aunty ever. Haha!Update: As expected, my phone rang Christmas afternoon to screams that she got the HP set. Sorry Santa, but she instantly knew that only an aunty could think of such a great gift as this. She now insists on reading a chapter with her mom each night before bed.
I found this set when it was on a super deal for $20! Yay, me! Which makes me feel better since we discovered ( a year after purchasing), that the Deathly Hallows book is missing 2 1/2 chapters! It repeats 2 chapters, as well. I’m glad this isn’t he first time through these stories, or we’d be foaming at the mouth trying to figure out what happened! And I’m consoled by the $20 price I paid on sale. I see from other reviews that Scholastic must not care about accuracy and has trouble printing and binding all correct pages together in this set, so buyer beware. Be prepared to head to the library to get another copy of the book when yours is seriously messed up.
This review is for the physical quality of the books. I ordered the set on June 21 and am currently ready the third book. I have not been reading often but when I opened the book today I noticed that the pages were separating from the cover on the top part of the book (the bottom is fine 3rd pic). It looks like the glue is coming undone.
The ubiquity of Harry Potter (movies and books alike) stretches across the globe. When my girlfriend was looking for an accessible fantasy series to get into, this immediately came to mind. We both had seen all of the movies multiple times, but had never really touched the books beyond the first two in the series. I therefore purchased this box set for my girlfriend and she has since read all of them (it took her just about two weeks in total!) The storytelling, world, and characters were as compelling, vivid, and resonant with her as the rest of the countless fans around the world. These books are awesome page-turners and are accessible to a wide range of age-levels. Anybody looking for a way to get into quality fantasy or to just get lost in a magical and engaging world should look no further and purchase this box set!
Cheap construction. I take very good care of my books, and they are falling apart with gentle use. The binding burst on the 6th book and all of the pages are falling out. The crazier part is that they glued in 1/2 of a page in book 7 where one of the pages was torn. (In pictures)

Well, so far my son and I love the Harry Potter stories, but I’m giving it only 4 stars because of some of the pages having the ink smeared in them. You can see it in the photo I’ve attached.
I bought this set for my son for Christmas when he was in first grade and started reading the books aloud to him.  He is now in fourth grade and has almost finished reading "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" all by himself!  Unless you've been living under a rock you're familiar with the wizarding world of Harry Potter -- and the excellent storytelling, imagination, magic, and life lessons contained therein -- so the quality of the series itself was never in doubt.  The quality of the set was equally good.  It came shrink-wrapped, in perfect condition, and has held up for four years with no issues.  I highly recommend this set!
I bought the boxed set for my daughter for Christmas. We have just started reading them. We are on book 1 and every few pages it appears the ink was nearly out during printing. It has been challenging to read. I haven't had the chance to inspect the rest of the set yet, but if you order double check them as soon as they arrive so you can make sure the pages are all well printed.
What can I say that hasn’t already been said, awesome story. We will enjoy this box set the rest of your lives. I got a box set for my nephew and he won’t open it he comes over and will read our box set. That’s ok we get to see him more often. I gave this 5 stars but I wish I could give it 5,000,000,000 stars just because of how it has brought our family together. Oh the conversations we have.
My child purchased this item, and it was a big deal to her.  The seventh book had some misprinted pages, and we didn't realize it until the return window had closed.  I contacted Amazon on a Sunday evening, asking if there was some way that we could swap it out for a correct copy of the book, and they sent out a whole new set, which arrived less than 36 hours later.  My kiddo was ecstatic.  Awesome books, great boxed set, and AMAZING customer service!
Misprint on book five, very disappointed. I was excited to have my very own set after borrowing my friends books.
We have a 9 year old harry potter fan in our home. Everytime she finished one of the Harry Potter books we sit down as a family and watch the movie. This is a great value box set and we are happy with our purchase. Recommended
But I am glad I finally gave in and purchased the box set. The book covers are beautiful and the story has completely capitativated me. I understand why the series is such a beloved favorite.
I really enjoy this box set of Harry Potter books. I am a big fan of paperbacks, as you can bring them with you most anywhere.Also, for anyone who likes to read in bed, they are flexible and forgiving (ever fall asleep reading, and drop a HARDCOVER book on yourself? Ouch! ;)I love owning the whole series, as I can dive into the world of witchcraft and wizardry anytime I crack one open. Now, that's magic!
Wonderful collected of a beloved, classic series! Great gift for Harry Potter fans in your life. Arrived on time, as described. If you like a beautiful boxed set to display without the extra expense and weight of a hardback collection, go for this set. This set is a keepsake. I have the kindle books and this boxed set as a sentimental collectors item.

Most of the books are fine, but the third volume is badly damaged. Many of the pages are ripped and look like they’ve been caught while being put together. For this kind of money you expect a perfect product!
Bought the box set for my good friend for xmas and with her being a HUGE HP fan and not owning all of the books she is in love. I'm so happy. The box came in good condition, none of the books look messed up from the back angle. I haven't unwrapped it since it is a gift for a friend but as far as I can tell they're in mint condition. I'm so glad I got them when I did!
This was a gift for two young brothers who love Happy Potter.  The youngest likes to sleep with the books next to his head.  Big win.  Recommended for anyone who loves Harry Potter and thinks reading the books is an important aspect.  (I confess, I've only ever seen the movies, but I promise I do read stuff:  Cereal boxes.  Bills.  Physics books, etc.)
I'm disappointed in the production of this set.  My grand daughter just started reading the series and some of the pages are falling out of the book.  I'd like to return the entire set.
Got these for my daughter to get her better with her vocabulary spelling and comprehension. Figured reading some books would help her with all that. It does. She is starting to use context clues to figure out meanings to words now and likes to read these books.
Bought this with for my boyfriend who always wanted an undamaged set of the Harry Potter books with original artwork. The back cover of the first book was bent. Not sure if it will ever straighten out. I guess Christmas dreams don't always come true.
Arrived on time (actually, I think a day or two early) and the set was as promised.  The set didn't match, but that's okay because we're not looking for a something to collect and display.  My daughter is 8 and is really reading for the first time.  She's burning through these books at a remarkable pace.  These books are in perfect condition for reading.  Isn't that what books are for, after all?
Books are great first time reading them. Unfortunately on Book Five-Order of the Phoenix. I got a bad print. My book goes from chapter 24 to chapter 14,q5,16 then then end of chapter 26. Unfortunately this kind of messes up the timeline lol. But overall great series so far.
This review is for the paperback boxed set. I got this set on a great sale and am happy I got them. I previously only owned the Kindle copies and wanted to read the paper version.I am through the sixth book of this set and am surprised by how many typos there are in this print. The further along I get in this physical set, the more typos. It was such a crazy good sale, I can't be that bummed. It does seem like the editor started dozing off towards the later books especially.
The paper is very thin and slightly gray. These books are obviously very cheap, for $52 for the set, you get what you pay for. Came with some scuffs on some corners and a page was torn out of the last book (not a page of text, looks like it might have been a flyer or a bookmark of some sort?). If you're a book collector, you'll want to upgrade to something nicer. But if you just want to read the books, or have copies that you wouldn't mind losing while traveling, these are probably fine.

These have always been my favorite books! I purchased these for a cousin and this was awesome I could affordably get all 7 books and the packaging is convenient and great for display! Happy to say my cousin who does doesn’t read too much anymore is flying through these books!!
My son received the set of Harry Potter books for his birthday. It’s quickly become his most used gift! He won’t put them down! He reads to me and on his own, and i loved the series as a kid so the nostalgia makes it even more loveable. It came when expected and i highly recommend this to anyone!
Come on there's theme parks and epic movie contracts about this series. This just makes all those hardback copies you purchased at Walmart the night they came out seem cumbersome. It's a bajillion pages, so a thin profiled boxed set is ideal for paper lovers like you and me. DO IT.
I love reading, and I got weaned off of Dr. Seuss and picture books thanks to Harry Potter. While I read the books as a kid as they came out, I never actually had the complete series at home. I usually had to borrow the books at my school or public libraries. I just thought it'd be nice to finally have all the books now, so here I am! It's honestly great knowing I can read these at any time without having to go to the public library, where someone might have already checked out a book, and especially since I'm not in school anymore.
I think you automatically have to read the Harry Potter’s. It’s a must for all. And the of course watch the movies. The stories though are really really a great read. So interesting being in a world of wizardry but in daily life, so in their hogwarts school
HP books - what's to say?  We needed an extra set and these are all great simply because they are smaller and easier to carry.  My family needed to replace some of our well worn hardbacks and to have multiply copies is a big help.
0:000:00This video is not intended for all audiences. What date were you born?JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031201920182017201620152014201320122011201020092008200720062005200420032002200120001999199819971996199519941993199219911990198919881987198619851984198319821981198019791978197719761975197419731972197119701969196819671966196519641963196219611960195919581957195619551954195319521951195019491948194719461945194419431942194119401939193819371936193519341933193219311930192919281927192619251924192319221921192019191918191719161915191419131912191119101909190819071906190519041903190219011900SubmitAdobe Flash Player is required to watch this video.Install Flash Player So I finally gave H.P a shot and I am just so into them now, I take them almost everywhere to read. The boxed set came perfectly packaged and all the books are perfect and no pages are missing (which is the first thing I checked when I got the books). Definetely recommend.
This set was a birthday present for our grandson and he was soooo happy! His eyes lit up and he counted all the books and checked it all out. Is 10 and just started reading this series.
Great book set. I haven’t gone through all the books, the only reason I’m giving it 4 stars is because in the 5th book I’m seeing a lot of faded texts on a lot of pages. It’s almost as if the page printer was running out of ink for these books. Other than that the collection is good.
The books were attractive and were the ones promised in a boxed set. The problem is me because I didn't enjoy Harry Potter as much as I thought I would.

It's a boxed set of all the books in paperback.  The box is sturdy, and the books are exactly what is to be expected.  For the price point that I got it on super sale ($35ish) it is amazing.
Great looking set. Bought for neice for birthday she’s excited to read! Price did fluctuate in week I bought it. A few days after my purchase, price reduced by maybe $5 🤷🏻‍♀️ Ya win some ya lose some I reckon!
I bought this as a present for my husband because he saw the movies but never read the book. I was shocked and so bought the set for him. So far only I've been reading the books, so I guess it worked out as a good present after all...for one of us.
What is there to dislike? It's the Harry Potter books.Bought the set for my son for Christmas so he could have his own copies. He loved them and it's nice they came in the little box to keep them together
They have book covers that go with the stories. It’s nice to have them in a box so they fit well in my closet. Great birthday gift!
I purchased this for my daughter and I. We have never read the books or watched the movies or books. Our plan: read each book then watch the corresponding movie.I like the packaging and how the series of books are kept organized in its own book case. It keeps it well organized.The price I thought was reasonable for a series collection of paperback books for an already popular well known author that my daughter and I are beginning to experience.The books themselves are already way better than the movies!!!!!
Son loves it, and it's a better price than buying all the books separately. Some of the other reviews mentioned artwork on every page, but that must be the hardback version only. No fancy pages for the paperback edition. The box does have a nice piece of artwork though.
This boxed set was for my grandson, who is obsessed with Harry Potter.  The box and the books are good quality, and my grandson was thrilled with them.  This price (under $40) was the best I found.
This book set was bought as a gift and it looks great, books are paperback and look very nice when in the casing.I was at Barns & Noble the other day and saw the same collection for $85.00, so it seems to be a great deal also!
I've been a fan of Harry Potter since about the grade school, back when the only books that had been published yet were the first three, when Potter's popularity was still on the rise, when Christian fundamentalists were still catching on to the horrifying idea that a "witchcraft" story was gaining popularity with children, and grade-school teachers were similarly catching on to Harry Potter being a pretty effective tool for getting kids to develop a liking for books. Indeed, that was how I discovered them: my English teacher somewhere in the 6th-to-8th-grade portion of schooling (where my Catholic school shifted to a high-school-like classroom and teacher shuffle to prepare students for the routines public school would involve) introduced me and several other students who were showing less interest and enthusiasm in the class to the Harry Potter novels, actually lending us her own copies of the first three books to get us reading. By the time the much thicker fourth volume, Goblet of Fire, came out, I was so in love in the series that its intimidating size was far more appealing to me than intimidating, like a larger bowl of rocky road ice cream might look appealing.In the decade-and-a-half since, I've never let go of my love of Harry Potter, even if I have gone long stretches of time without keeping an active eye on the franchise. The recent revival of widespread Potter interest of the appealing-but-flawed sequel stage play ("Harry Potter and the Cursed Child") and an arguably-more-interesting-and consistently-engrossing prequel-sidestory-movie ("Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them") has prompted me to revisit the book series yet again, as well as replace my old worn-down hardcover copies with both the paperback box set and the eBook downloads from Pottermore's e-shop — which are cross-compatible with Kindle accounts and can be transferred over as identical files to the Kindle versions, by the way, even though Amazon doesn't count those files as purchases of the Kindle eBooks, but rather as separate account-exclusive items. Having checked on Audible, this series does not seem to be compatible with Whispersync for Voice no matter where you buy the eBooks as of yet, so audiobook fans who like to read the text while listening may wish to take note of that when deciding whether to buy a physical or eBook versions (this is possibly due to revisions having been made to the text for series consistency in the time since the audiobooks were recorded).In-depth reviews of the individual books are perhaps best saved for each book's individual page on Amazon, so I will give only a broad-stroke review of the stories here — if you are considering buying the series as a complete box set, it's likely you've already read and enjoyed at least the one of the books. But for the uninitiated, Harry Potter is a series that follows a boy, Harry himself, across a seven-year series of adventures culminating in the return and subsequent war against Lord Voldemort, a terrible Dark wizard who wreaked horrors upon the magical and non-magical communities alike until his unexpected and inexplicable destruction when he killed Harry's parents and then attempted to kill Harry while he was still an infant. Harry, growing up with his non-magical ("Muggle") aunt and uncle, who cruelly neglect and emotionally abuse him, receives a letter of acceptance to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry when he turns eleven, whereupon he discovers that not only is there a burgeoning community of witches and wizards living and hiding in plain sight in a seemingly-ordinary 1990s British society, but that he is famous among the magical community. They call him the "Boy Who Lived," the cause of Voldemort's disappearance and the end of his reign of terror. But as Harry enters the magical world and begins to learn about this new side of his life and the wonders of magic, he gets drawn into a series of perilous events that lead him closer and closer to his eventual destiny with each passing book, gradually revealing more of the truth behind what happened on the night Harry's parents were murdered and what led to it, among other things.Harry Potter is a fantastic series. One might be tempted to think it's overblown or over-rated by its enthusiasts. One would, in fact, be forgiven for taking that impression almost exclusively from the movies; they're enjoyable enough in their own right, but suffer problems of less-than-amazing adaptation and fluctuations in creative vision that make the film series feel somewhat disjointed and less-thoughtful than the books they're based on, and have the added problem of the younger actors and actresses often taking a few films to develop the skills to portray their characters naturally (an occupational hazard of a fantasy epic that relies on child actors, really). The Harry Potter novels, meanwhile, provide an arguably smoother introduction and, subsequently, a more fleshed-out experience in Harry's world, with the earlier, shorter books providing a comfortable and more "episodic" early portion that's great for allowing readers to get their feet wet, becoming gradually more involved and complex until the build-up culminates with the fourth and fifth novels, where the story goes all-in on characterization and worldbuilding detail, presuming the writer to be fully invested by that point, and keeping that level of maturity and intensity right up to the ending of the final volume.It would be remiss of me to call this series perfect, don't mistake the five-star rating for that. J.K. Rowling certainly has her weaknesses as a writer, and it could be accurately said that the novels suffer from a bit of a bloating problem that surfaced around Book Five, where Rowling clearly had more power to say "no" to her editors (incidentally, this is also the point at which the American text just gives up at hiding away a lot of the Britishisms in narration and dialogue, and I will say the books are at least better for that much). This is a clear Your Mileage May Vary kind of point. I personally enjoy the tangential worldbuilding that comes out of it, and consider it worth whatever "bloat" occurs as a result. But then, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is my favorite of the seven novels, and even for some avowed fans of Harry Potter, that book was too long and spent a little too much time on certain things. There's really no way to tell whether that will be a problem for you until you get there and either like it or don't like it. But what problems the Potter novels have are, in the grand scheme, just niggles. It all comes together in a really great way and in spite of the flaws, it's a really great series of books worthy of the classification of "epic."But one thing that might surprise people unfamiliar with Potter is that this is not a fantasy action-adventure series. It's more of a mystery series coated in a gooey chocolate fantasy syrup. Harry Potter himself tends to fill the role of a combination Frodo Baggins figure and up-and-coming detective character, and the most important plot points are, regardless of who figures out or explains a given part of things, presented as mysteries. Action sequences occur and can be quite intense, particularly in later volumes, but this is not the story of a big, super-cool hero slaying dragons; it's a story of circumstance, figuring out the circumstance, and then reacting to the circumstance. Some readers seem annoyed by the fact that eleven-year-old Harry never matures in this series to a point where by the end of magical high school he's capable of going head-to-head in a duel with a Dark Lord with decades of extensive magical knowledge under his belt, but that is simply not the angle that this series goes for. My comparison of Harry to Frodo Baggins was not an idle-name-drop. Harry's role in this story is very deliberately that of the hero who stands strong against adversity but ultimately triumphs through low-key action behind the scenes of a conflict in which number other, more powerful or more experienced combatants command the bulk of the Dark Lord's attention. And, like Frodo (and his progenitor, Bilbo), sometimes Harry is helped by sheer circumstance, the timely and skillful intervention of one of his friends, or a combination of his own efforts plus those things. The series does give us a fairly clear picture of what an action-centric lead character in this universe might look like, and I think that's where a fair portion of reader disappointment with Harry's more subdued take on heroics comes from, but he is an eleven-year-old who eventually becomes a seventeen-year-old over the course of the story, contending with a villain who has fifty-plus-year lead on experience over him. I think I would have raised an eyebrow had Harry ever bested Voldemort in a straight-up magical fight.As with everything, this series is something you should read for yourself if you're unsure. There's probably a copy available at your local library if you don't live in a particularly strict area with a stick up its rear about fantasy novels with magic in them. I recommend giving them a shot, and if Book One doesn't jive with you at first, sticking with it at least until the end of Book Two. This is a series that improves as it moves forward, each book adding new layers to the existing world by pacing its narrative in the same way a child might learn more and more about the real world as he or she grows into an adult, which is a large part of Harry Potter's effectiveness as a coming-of-age story. The reader, in a figurative sense, grows with Harry, as many of the original readers grew with Harry alongside the release of each subsequent book. This is as much a narrative tool as a consequence of readers aging as they read the books, because with very rare exceptions scattered through the series, the narrative is locked firmly into whatever it is that Harry Potter himself is seeing, hearing, saying, feeling, or thinking, and the reader's understanding of events and the world around him is often limited to what he knows or notices at any given time.As for the separate editions of these books. I can't voice for the "Complete Collection" eBook specifically, since I bought the eBooks individually on Pottermore, but assuming the formatting for the Complete Collection is identical, then the digital set relevant to this review is well-put-together and smoothly formatted, just about the best way you'll ever experience Harry Potter digitally without buying the iBooks-and-iOS-exclusive Enhanced Edition eBooks available on Pottermore, which feature animated illustrations and the like. If you have an iPad or iPhone, that is the edition I recommend for digital consumption, but for standard Kindle and Android users, or people who like reading eBooks on PC, this collection and its individual-eBook versions aren't inferior to physical books in any sense other than not having a special font for chapter headings; the U.S. editions of the eBooks even contain the iconic chapter title illustrations, although not the original American cover art (the minimalist cover art of the eBooks makes for a smoother transition between colored screens and black-and-white e-readers, though).The hardcover collection is one that I can't vouch for as a set, but having owned and read through the series in hardcover in the past, what I can vouch for is that the American hardcover editions are very nice to own. The box set for Hardcover may lack the text revision of the eBooks and more recent paperback printings, however, and while the chapter artwork and font for titles is something I prefer over the U.K. editions, it should be acknowledged that the American hardcovers are of a slightly cheaper construction than the U.K. editions, although also, paradoxically, they have a higher page count due to Scholastic's formatting choices (there are fewer words per page compared to the U.K. versions, and Order of the Phoenix has the formatting oddity of being the only book in the series with narrower margins and line-spacing, due to its much higher word count). Having researched this set, it should be acknowledged that the "trunk" is made of cardboard, so don't expect, you know, an extremely durable box or anything. It's just a stylized container for a box set.As for the paperback box set, the purchase that prompted this review? It's fantastic. The American version with the characters riding a dragon, specifically: I'm seeing a lot of user pictures in this review second for completely different sets, and it seems there's a motley assortment of mixed sets in the marketplace listings, too. The box itself is quite sturdy and adorned with beautiful artwork by the cover illustrator, Mary GrandPré, depicting a scene from later in the series that puts me in the mind of the old R.A. Salvatore "Cleric Quintet" omnibus cover art (which features a similar scene by what I assume is coincidence). The paperback volumes themselves are of a nice quality that makes them both more durable and less stiff-feeling than some smaller, cheaper mass-market paperbacks, and they even feature raised lettering for the front cover titling, although the paper and print quality are noticeably lesser than the hardcover editions, feeling at a casual touch like the pages would be easier to damage both by bending and by splashing a few drops of a drink in the book's general direction, not up to the quality of some of the better-made paperback novels that I own. Even so, these are paperbacks that should be taken care of and kept for posterity rather than tossed about like a cheapy grocery store throwaway novel that you picked up on a whim during a food-shopping trip, though the thickness of books four through seven may make it difficult to avoid bending the spines.Having checked certain passages in the books, I can also confirm that the paperback boxed set, bought new, should contained the revised editions of the text, as well, for as minor as those changes are to the overall experience (again, they're really just consistency tweaks).

It was a Christmas present for my daughter. She was very surprised and happy. It came fast happy with product it was not damage it was wrapped carefully, I was extremely satisfied.
my son loves it
This set was a great price. I loved these books. Shipping was fast and the books were in great condition.
Great books, but when you read the spine of the book gets wearing lines
We are huge Harry Potter fans. We read them growing up so our parents have the books but my husband and I didn’t! So we bought the whole set so we can read again!
Sturdy box to protect the books. I was really happy with this purchase, could not beat the price for the whole collection.
Exactly what I expected, all of the books! They are in a beautiful box that helps to keep them all together on my shelf. There was no damage or even bent pages. Highly recommend if you’re looking to get the entire set together!
I’d never read Harry Potter before, until my friend and husband finally convinced me. The books are really nice and they’re enjoyable. Every page is a new adventure.
We got this for our son for Christmas. He has read and reread these so many times! Fun fantasy series
Was very worried when I finally spent the money on this since I saw other reviews saying they had some issues with the print but my copies all arrived in perfect order. So pleased to finally own the series myself.

I was worried this would be one large book but no. All seven books are there in this box set. Beautiful cover and illustrations on the box itself. So thrilled to have these in my hands again!
It is really nice to have the entire set in one place. While I do own all the books I had several hard back versions so it was tough to keep track of it all. Now my kids can find whichever book they want within us having to figure up the mismatched original.
I am an adult and I had not read the Harry Potter books prior to purchasing this box set.  I am currently making my way through the entire series and enjoying it immensely.  However, this review is not of the Harry Potter story;  my review is of the quality of the books in this boxed set, and its slipcase and packaging.I did the math, and this boxed set was a cheaper deal than purchasing all the books individually.  However, there is nothing new here.  As far as I can tell, these are the same books as the original Scholastic print runs, with the same covers.  I was lucky enough to have been given and original Scholastic Book 1 by a friend, and in comparing that with the Book 1 in this set, I can say quite definitely that the paper used here is thinner and lesser quality than the original book.  Other than that, the books are identical in size and cover art.The slipcase is a nice way to keep the set organized and displayed, but there is really no quality here.  It's just a cardboard slipcase decorated with the book covers and other paintings from the cover artist.  In fact, when all seven books are in the slipcase, it's actually quite difficulty to pluck out a single book, without first tipping the slipcase over and causing all the spines to protrude.  Just be careful not to tip them all onto the floor!In conclusion, I think if you already own all seven paperbacks, then there is nothing new here for you. Your original Scholastic books are (probably) on better quality paper anyway.  But if you don't have all the books, and if you do the math and find this is a better deal versus individual purchases, then I think this is a great way to buy the complete series, regardless of the thinner paper used in the printing.
Purchased on sale and it was a great addition to our library. Hoping they last for years to come even tho my daughter is pretty rough on books.
Got this set for my wife for 2018 Christmas.  It is just what I expected and my wife (HP fanatic) approves it!  Exterior art isn’t original but the story and pages are accurate.
Very happy with entire purchase. Item packed very well so no damage to books. Item exactly as described. Daughter extremely pleased with books. No issues with transaction and delivered as said.
I came late to the Harry Potter party, but I'm thoroughly enjoying these books. I plan to pass them along to my grandsons (yes, I'm a Nana!) when I finish the series.
Grabbed this to tuck away for Christmas.  Nice packaging and got it at a great price!
I bought this set because it had the artwork that was from the first times that I read them. it arrived and it was exactly what I hoped for! there was no damages and the box was perfect! But I threw away the box because it takes up too much space on my bookshelf. BUY THIS SET! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!
I purchased this set of Harry Potter books for my nephew. His excitement at receiving them was equal to or more than his excitement over his electronic gifts which did my 64 year old heart good.

I got this paperback set so I could write in them for a class.  Good quality!  Couldn't ask for more.
My daughter loves them. The case was nice in good condition and so were the books.
She is going to love this set, I read the a few years ago, loved them and I am sure will love them as much as I do.
My son loves these books. The reason for 4 stars is due to the fact that once he read the books I guess the binding on the books expanded somehow and now the books will not fit in the box they came in. Box should be made a bit wider to accommodate the books once used.
Read the whole series in nine months. They were a great read, cleared up a lot of questions left by the movies.
I purchased this as a gift for my Potter fan! She's flown through all of them quickly! It's a great feeling when your kid falls in love with the same characters you did!
Bought this for my 12 year old son. He hasn’t put them down since getting it. He loves this box set.
Beautiful set of books. Bought them for my mother who is elderly but a huge harry potter fan. Well packaged and padded.Delivered to my door. Thanks!
Bought these for my sister as a birthday gift. She never ready the books and now loves them!
My kids are avid book readers, and this set is replacing the ones they read until they fell apart. Nice case to display them in. These will get read over and over.

Got them as a gift for my son who after reading them perhaps 20 or 30 times now I will probably have to buy another set one of the best gift Investments I have ever made
Great gift idea for the avid reader in you life! Bought this twice for 2 different people. It was a big hit.
Wanted to read the series over again since I havent read them since I was a kid and I'm glad I bought it. The box itself is really nice and make the books looks great.
Although the package was opened in the box nothing was damaged so couldn’t complain. Harry Potter’s box set 1-7 was brand new. I loved reading them as a kid. I had them on half paper books and some were hard cover. I still have them but they’re kept at my dads. I am grateful that this series, Harry Potter is still popular. I watch the movies a lot but, I always forget what more there was in the books. I bought these to keep reading for myself because the stories never get old.
Beautiful set and excellent for reading. My son turned 9 and he is an avid reader...would recommend this to everyone whose kids love reading. The content is also age appropriate.
Best book series ever. Ours were very worn and we were in need of some new ones.
Was advertised on Amazon as paperback set, but turned out to be ebooks. Not seller's fault.
I am an absolute fan of Harry Potter, I love the original classic paperback version and I 'm very excited to give this to my niece.
Bought this for my daughter for her birthday this was one of the better prices on  here she loves the set
Great set! I thought the box would fully Incase the books but it’s open one side so you can see the bindings which is okay too. All books were brand new. Thriftbooks.com has them cheaper though

Our grandchildren have enjoyed reading the entire set or will be reading all of them. Fun way to keep them reading over the holidays.
Good reads for all ages! Even my old & smart Oral Surgeon loves it.
My 9 year old was so hyped to see the box set come in. He started 4th grade this year but has a high reading level. We were looking for something after he read and completed the Percy Jackson series. The box set just gave him another reason to jump into the first book and I couldn’t be happier!
Books were well packaged in a great box for the set. Perfect gift giving item for the Harry Potter fan.
He’s reading them to his kids and they love it. I have the hardback set.
I've seen the movies numerous times, but wanted to see the whole story/adventure that the movies had to skip over.  I'm loving it so far.
Love the movies now I can rereference them whenever.
Great value to gift a great book series.  I bought this for my 7 year old daughter because the price was perfect.  She is starting on book one and will grow with them.
Got as a gift for someone. Beautiful display! They were so happy!
Want something to share with whole family? Buy these books. The whole series is great.

Was happy to find these on sale and cheaper than any place else. My daughter and I read them at night. She is excited to get started on the series. The container they come in is a great storage box. The books are all crisp, cut well, and feel good in the hand.
Obviously these are great books! Shipping was fast and came in good shape OTHER than, ONE of the books had a small tear on the spine. Not a huge deal though!
He is really into reading now that he is in the 5th grade and loves chapter books. He could not wait to start reading them.
Great looking set, arrived quickly and in good condition. The box is cardboard and seems sturdy,  but as its for a 9yo, I'm going to reinforce the inside.
Great value on a good series of books. I bought them for my 7 year old and he loves them.
I didn't get into the Harry Potter series until after the fourth book came out - I'm an adult, after all, and these are kids books. I'm a geek, though, and tons of my geek parent friends were hooked, telling me that they're more well-written than a lot of the books being published for adults these days. Whatever, they are VERY entertaining, and that's what I look for in a book! So, I had some in paperback, and some in hardcover, which looked very weird on my shelf. My inner OCD child was not happy, lol.After a move, the books were lost. No big deal, I had read them, and was disappointed enough in the ending that I didn't think I'd re-read them. Then, after the last movie, my adult son suddenly decided that he wanted to read them! He does NOT like to read if it's longer than a Wiki article, so this was exciting. It was just before the holidays, and this set was on sale! I did look through the used books, but couldn't find the first one at less than a collector's price, and with shipping, it would cost more than this set, anyway.Not only are all the books the same size, but it's in a compact, handy open-faced box so it's easy to move around. Some of those books were HEAVY in hardback, so I'm very happy with these!
A fun and thoroughly enjoyable book series.
The stories are excellent but the book binding is sub-par; it makes the pages pucker.
On the Series Itself:All my life, I have been an avid reader, having taught myself how to read as a six year-old and ever since devouring books as quickly as I could get my hands on them.  A family member bought me Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone when I was in first grade, and I am still hooked (even as I now face college). I have read all of the books as they came out, and I cannot praise them enough.  J.K. Rowling has created a classic. Each of the seven Harry Potter books greatly adds to the story of Harry Potter, an orphaned boy who learns that he is a wizard. Harry is part of a great prophecy that ties him with a villain so horrible (and yet fascinating), and he dives headfirst into a world that is literally, and figuratively, magical.When reading this series, you will learn about everything from potions to the wizard game of Quidditch, and will cheer Harry and his friends in all of their adventures. Rowling's incredible imagination and ability to tell a story have kept me enthralled for years.  The first two books are whimsical and more innocent, and as the villain rises, the later books become darker and more desperate for the grown-up Harry. I know plenty of people feel the story is against Christianity, but Rowling even quotes Bible verses in the last book! This is simply a children's tale that is so good, it has captured adults all over the world as well. The themes of love, loyalty, hope, and friendship battling against the forces of evil that only know ambition and pain leaves a great message for readers. These books are my absolute favorites, and I highly recommend them to everyone.  They are much better than the movies, and will leave you wanting to explore more of Harry Potter's world!On the Boxed Set:I received the box set promptly and in excellent condition. The outside box is nothing special, just thicker cardboard really, but the colorful images and style in which they are drawn is fascinating. Each book is well-illustrated and the covers are quite colorful as well. When reading the books, I found no grammatical errors or pages missing! For $50, this is a wonderful buy!5/5 stars.
I’ve been talking about reading the Harry Potter books for years. You put them all together and made it easy. Thank you

A must for any happy potter fan. I own the hard cover set but this was a gift for my fiance and he loved it. Great series.
This collection came boxed well and I have enjoyed reading then again!!
As a child, my mother had us read a chapter of the firth Harry Potter book before allowing us to play in the park. She'd have us take turns. Once the films released, she had us finish each book before watching them. So naturally, my niece has been introduced to the series and she very much enjoys it.
It is perfect! My sister in law is going to love this! Bought it for her Christmas gift early so that I wouldn't worry about the item being sold out! It's just what she wanted and just as the picture shows!
Was a gift for grandson that he requested.
Well bound, and beautiful.  Paid about $52, which was a great price.  My son was thrilled to have his own set.
I had never read any of the Harry Potter books before, and I decided since I was going to have surgery and 2 weeks in bed to recover, now was the time.  This box set is a steal if you want to buy all the books at the same time - I think I paid around $50.  They are paperbacks, but not the cheap-o teeny tiny size paperback books you buy in the checkout line at the grocery store.  The covers are very good quality and so is the binding.  The binding HAS to be good to endure the constant opening, closing, bending, and holding flat that especially the books that are 600-700ish pages long go through while being read.  The box itself is a high quality corrugated cardboard with a matte-finish, slick full-color design.  I have loved having the next book at my fingertips as soon as I finished the one that precedes it.  Even though I'm an adult, this series is absolutely addicting.  (OK, confession, I wasn't too enamored with the first book, but read it and then the second one and you will be hooked)  I finished the first four books in 3 weeks and am more slowly making my way through the last three now that I'm back at work.  This set is one that I will be happy to keep around and share with my neices and nephews as they get older.  It looks nice enough to go on anybody's home-library bookshelf, and would make a nice gift.
Arrived on time in good condition. Over the years the copies we bought as they came out have been lost, scattered or lent out so I wanted to but the collection to have. As advertised.
Still one of the best series I’ve ever read!
I had purchased all the Harry Potter books for my daughter as she was growing up. When she moved out, she took her books with her so I was looking for a quick replacement for my own shelves. I saw this set and thought it would be good.The case is okay, I guess, as it is just cardboard but it will work for my purposes. The stories seem to be a shortened version of the stories in the original books but they have all the important information and are good reads. The books, however, are not so good. The first 3 books were fine, but in reading the Goblet of Fire, I am finding several pages were the printing must have run out of ink. At the top of the page the printing is fine but it fades out to nothing by the bottom. I have run into about 5 pages of this in the book so far. I have not finished the book or started the rest of the series so I do not know if it is limited to just this book. If I did not know the story by heart, by reading the other books and having the DVDs, the missing pages would be a problem.

Gift-My granddaughter was very happy.
Daughter loves it nice keepsake.
I got these as a gift for my daughter.  She loves them.  It is a great set of books.
Excellent essential gift for any HP fan.
Love it,  gave it ro my son for christmas and he is thrilled.  Reading away and really into it!
Some pages didn’t print and are hard to read. :(
SUPPER HAPPY WITH MY NEW BOOKS
I brought this for my niece who decided halfway through the first book she would DIE if she didn’t have her own copy of the series...I now have a devastated nine year old as for some reason my set doesn’t have the second book in it
Love the books & came as a nice set
very hard to read dark pages

It's the Harry Potter series, what more is there to say?! (I already have about 3 sets but these were purchased as a gift)
Bought it as a gift and she LOVED IT
It's Harry Potter!!! What's not to LOVE?!
My 8 year old boy is on the 3rd book now and I've never seen him so engrossed in a set of books like he has been with these. I'm reading the books for the first time too and my only problem is that he reads slower than me (duh!) and I have to wait for him to move onto the next book before I get the chance at them.
A perfect set for any Harry Potter fan. Love it!
This Collector's Box is awesome!  Came in on time and package was carefully taken care of before it arrived.  No damages and very happy with the packaging.  So far I love the original art on the cover and got it for a great price.  Almost $25 cheaper than what the stores have it for now.  Very pleased and will definitely be looking out for more Harry Potter deals.
I had all of these when they first came out but lent them out to people never to be seen again! The set was a great price and I won't be lending them to anyone... With age comes wisdom haha
Wonderful set. Very eager to read them. She loves anything Harry Potter.
Love Harry Potter and the animated box it comes in. It's a very cute set.
Great seller, quality product

Love the large paperbacks. The value is fantastic and the boxed set is timeless.
Love the box gave to my kids
Great set and it came without any damage, which was a big concern given that the books are in a nice outer box. This makes for a great gift.
Very nice little box set.
Nice basic book set, but I thought this set was Illustrated; bummer, it's not.
Can’t beat the price on the whole set. The books are in wonderful condition and the handy box keeps them neat.
Excellent quality, obviously one of the best series ever written.
Bought this a gift for a 12 year old. She loved it !! . Also good quality.
Grandchildren are thrilled to have this collection.
Awesome gift. My daughter loved it! Arrived quickly and product is just as described.

This set was bought as a gift for my daughter, and she loves them, really not much else to say.  Delivery time was pretty accurate so no complaints.  Thank you.
Nothing to say except my son and I ❤️ HP!
At first I wasn't so sure about reading this book. Mostly beause I prejudged this as a young adult book only. This was around 2001. The books at this time were given to my youngest sister (I was 22 at the time making her 16). She read them and then handed them to me hoping I'd read them - little sis knowing I love to read. I forgot about them until the first movie came out. I don't recall if I read the book first or saw the movie. But either way, I learned I was wrong to prejudge this series. Since then I've been hooked to everything Potter.When the book 'Order of the Phoenix' was released in 2003, I was in the Navy. I was lucky enough to get 'Order of the Phoenix' and later 'Half-Blood Prince' in the Bloomsbury publishing editions. So as of now I currently own all 7 Scholastic hardcovers, 7 Scholastic paperbacks and 2 Bloomsbury hardcovers. As well as 'The Tales of Beedle the Bard' hardcover. And 'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,' 10th Anniversary Edition [Deluxe Edition] [Hardcover]. I also own all 8 of the movies (all special editions of course).I am currently 36 years old and I'm still a fan. A fan of all Harry Potter. And a fan of J.K.Rowling - purchased ebook of 'Casual Vacancy' the day it was released.Harry Potter is a very charming orphaned boy who finds out he can do magic. He then goes to this amazing school called Hogwarts. A school even I wish I could attend to.Harry Potter bless you
It's exactly what you want. It's well packaged and the books will be well loved.
Fast shipping, accurate product
Nice set of the Harry Potter book series in paperback. All the books are included and compared to other sellers of the series online, the price was really good. I bought these for my 12year old daughter at the time and was super excited she finally wanted to read them! I would recommend. They came pretty quickly too.
Came in perfect condition. Super happy with care.
What's not to like. This needs to be a staple in every home
This second used books has such bad quality. It was Venmo has dead bugs snide the books with very bad smell
I bought the box set as a gift and my daughter loved it.

Gave as a much loved gift. Thanks.
All of the books in one place.  My nephew was overjoyed to have the complete series. He's already on the fourth one.
This is a awesome early Christmas gift for my wife. Surprisingly she havent seen the movie because she rather read the book before watching the movie. She loves it. The only reason why I give 4 stars is because the third book cover was bent. I was highly disappointed due to the fact i spent money for a brand new mint collection of harry potter books but whatever.
Love! Love! Love! Got it on time. Box was perfect. Fun read with my kids!
Great books, good quality.
It’s conveniently packed and the artwork on the cover and the box are nice
all 7 Harry Potter books at a reasonable price.
Great condition. Love these books. Arrived fast
Great quality
All the books were there. The art is arty. The packaging was great.

Collection is great and arrived as expected. Very satisfied
Our Niece was so happy to get the Harry Potter set. Arrived in plenty of time!!!
Came super fast for a class my daughter was taking thank you
Was exactly what I was expecting 😁
Everything else was chill except I got two Philosopher’s Stone books and not a Chamber of Secrets.
Value for money. The cover and pages are not as durable, fold easily.
This was purchased as a gift and they loved it!!
the promo image appears to be an exclusive collection of Harry Potter books, which come in a special box and all. it turns out that the books were purchased separately and do not belong to the same edition / collection
👍👍
Harry Potter is amazing and I know my niece will be so excited to receive all of these for Christmas!

Love this classic.
My child loves these books.  She's reading them now and has joined the Harry Potter reading club at her school.
Love all the Harry Potter books. Books everyone will enjoy!
Kid liked it
Great collection!
YAAAAAAAAAAS!!!
Amazing
All the books came in perfect condition, got them as a gift for a fellow Harry Potter fan.
My 10 year old grandson had read all of the Harry Potter books and prevailed upon me to read them also, so that he could discuss all the characters with me. I wanted to be supportive to him, so I ordered the boxed set and started reading the books. Imagine my complete surprise when I found that I could not put the books down. I read every single book in the series, back to back, and was so disappointed when I had finished them all. I loved the imaginative story telling and the complexity of the many characters in the books. My grandson is about to celebrate his birthday, and guess what, he is having a Harry Potter themed party, complete with a Hogwarts set up with activities such as Divination, Potions, Spells, Quidditch and lots of food items like butterbeer, chocolate frogs, the yucky jelly beans, etc. He is besides himself in anticipation. All the invitations were delivered via a white stuffed owl (Hedgewig),and the invitees were literally jumping for joy. My daughter and son in law, and grandson read all the Harry Potter books together over the summer vacation as their family project, and now we all communicate about the story lines, the evil characters, and the eventual outcome of the collective stories. I only wish that there were more Harry Potter books to read. I recommend these stories to both children and grown-ups, there is plenty of content to appeal to both.The characters are truly memorable, providing lots of opportunity to fuel conversations with all the Harry Potter readers.
I was first introduced to Harry Potter when I purchased the first three books in the series from a school Scholastic order form that my daughter had brought home.  The two-sentence blurb about the three books sounded mildly interesting, and I purchased the books with the intention of giving them to my daughter for Christmas.  When they arrived, I tossed them in a closet where I promptly forgot about them.  However, one Sunday afternoon I had finished my last library book and if you're an avid reader, you know what a panic-inducing moment this can be.  Nothing to read, and the library is closed!  After rummaging through the bookshelves and finding nothing that caught my interest, I stumbled across the three Harry Potter books and decided to give them a try.With the first couple of pages, I was sucked in to the world that JK Rowling had created. There really aren't that many stories out there that I have found to be so engrossing.  As we follow Harry on his epic path to defeat the evil Lord Voldemort, so many good life lessons are learned by the characters of the story.  Good doesn't always overcome evil, bad things can happen to good people, and sometimes the bully escapes punishment.  Harry learns that sometimes sacrifices have to be made, up to and including the ultimate sacrifice.I admit I was one of those crazy people who would be at the nearest mall, waiting for midnight to pick up the next book as soon as it was released.  I usually bought 4 copies as well, so nobody in the house had to wait a day or two to read it!  The Harry Potter series also introduced my children to the joys of reading.  Neither one read for pleasure until they were old enough to comprehend this reading level and I pushed them to try reading this series.  They both enjoyed the movies tremendously, and after explaining that they were missing so much by not reading the full story, they both eventually read the books.  My daughter is in college and my son in high school, and they have both become avid readers after realizing that a book has so much more to offer than a movie.  I have purchased the entire series of 7 books in hardback and paperback and have more than one full set.  These books have become well-loved and we all return to the books again and again.  I find that I always go back and re-read the series whenever one of the movies has been released, and so do both of my children.The prose of the stories reminds me a bit of Roald Dahl (James and the Giant Peach, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory), and there are some turns of phrase that are definitely British.  However, the books are very easy reads.  If you're at all emotional, have tissues ready when you read books 4, 5, 6, and 7!  Even if you've not ever been insterested in reading the fantasy genre, the Harry Potter series is one to try.  At times I find myself wishing for a magic wand and fantasizing about moving to England...

This series contains all the Harry Potter books. I purchased it to have all the Harry Potter books. A perfect 5/7
As promised
Good
Awesome box set! My son is flying through these books & the box keeps them back together when he finishes
So happy to have finally gotten the collection, I’ve been obsessed with Harry Potter every since the fourth grand and now being a junior in high school and being able to buy myself the books makes me so happy I’m at a loss for words and I almost started to cry, not gonna lie
Granddaughter loves these, perfect gift for Harry Potter people!
Bought these for my son.  Love the books and the box to keep them together.
Cheapest that I could find this set. Arrived in perfect condition.
Great set, great quality
I am in my 50's, and casually had seen the Harry Potter movies over the years.  Being a science fiction and fantasy fan, I grew more interested in Harry Potter and the wizarding world as each movie came out.  I decided it was time to actually go to the source and find out what the excitement was all about.I, of course, started with the first book, "The Sorcerer's Stone", read through the subsequent books, and I'm now in the middle of "The Half-Blood Prince".  Even though I've seen most of the movies, it's like experiencing a whole new story.  In the case of Harry Potter, the books are definitely better than the movies.The character interaction, histories, and development are rich and complex.  It's not just a story of magic and spells, there are innumerable facets of growing up, facing challenges, loving and losing that J. K. Rowling has written into her novels that make witchcraft and sorcery completely believable, even to old adults like me.I see now why people have read a complete Harry Potter novel in just one sitting.  It is really hard to put down!  Read Harry Potter rather than watching Harry Potter.  It is so much more enjoyable.

Product is just as described. Gave this to my father for Christmas and he absolutely loved the quality of it.
Excellent value
We bought this for our 9 year old daughter’s birthday and she has loved the book set
Nicely packaged made a wonderful gift
Bought these for my mother for Christmas and she has already finished them. No quality issues whatsoever! Comes with entire HP set.
very good
Finally got my son to start reading these while grounded over break. Now he can’t put them down! Always a good reading experience.
g/s loved the books
The first 4 books were good. The fifth book is missing chapter 14 and part of 15. Very frustrating.Amazon is replacing the item for us!  Now we can finish the series!
Thank you

Nice gift for teenagers. Quality is perfect
its Harry Potter and it’s a new set.....perfect
Grandson wanted this book set, was very happy to get the set.
My middle school son claims that he hates to read, but he hasn't put down book 1 yet.  It's great to have the whole series so that he can continue reading now that he's found books that he likes.
How can you go wrong with Harry Potter? Daughter loved this set.
Bought this for my daughter, she loves reading.  First series for her!
Great books !
You can tell they were definitely used
Love them could not find hard back but my daughter loves these.
So happy I got this set! I’ve been wanting to get it for myself and my 9 year old and I finally gave in this year. Everything comes exactly as expected, the cardboard storage box in the pictures is pretty sturdy. Can’t wait till he opens this on Christmas!

Quick services and happy grandchild = happy me.  Thanks
So glad to get the whole set at one time.
Love these books!!! Crisp new books, such a great read its hard to put them down.
Gave this to granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it.
Son loves this series... 6th grade
who hates harry potter?
Love the series! Was happy to buy this set for my niece!!
Great price for the set! Arrived in perfect condition. My daughter is very happy
Great price. They arrived before i had expected them. And they’re in prefect condition. I’ve been reading book two so that’s why it’s a little bent down the spine.
My daughter has worn out her first set of Potter books, so we had to buy her a new set to take to college!

New. Arrived in excellent condition!
I got this set for around $36, I couldn’t be happier!
I love Harry Potter books. My five year old son is starting to read the first book and I’m very impressed
Love these books, made a great gift.
Perfect
This was purchased for my grandson and he loves that he has all of the volumes in one place.
It’s harry Potter. It’s amazing.
My daughter requested the complete series, in paperback, for Christmas and I complied.  I've eagerly read each book as it has been published and own the hard cover editions myself.  I've come to really love the characters, and to really dislike others, as I believe was the author's intention.  I enjoy the imaginative story line and the many plays on words, such as an alley which only wizards can see called Diagon Alley  (diagonally), or one of the houses at the school, whose members we are introduced to seem mean, evil or slimy -- the house is called Slytherin (Slither in).  A book can portray so much more of a story than a movie.  I disagree with critics who think the series is satinic -- it is fanciful -- it is fiction -- get over yourselves.  As an educator and a believer in the first amendment, I say if the book entices a child to read, it is a great book.
Bought as a Christmas gift
Great product and quality

Gave as a gift, My niece screamed, best aunt award goes to me !
Bought these books as a treat for myself as I've borrowed them from friends so much to re read in the past that I figured it was about time i finally owned them myself. These books are chicken soup for the soul.
My boyfriend loves them.
Brand new. Sealed. Exactly like it said in description
Great for any fan of the movie series - of course the book is always better.
Love this books set ! Great price .
Great value
Granddaughter's xmas gift.
Just what I needed for my collection.
I couldn't be happier with my purchase of these harry potter books. Like so many other Potter fans I grew up with these characters-- im literally close in age so it was easy to relate to them as I went through my childhood along with my friends. So many bookstores tend to run these box sets for the regular listed price with little to no discounts. But Bought mine from amazon brand new and in fantastic condition. I was so thrilled to see that amazon had them marked down and even better I was able to purchase them with a gift card.The books are so so good and I couldn't imagine life without them in existence. Rowling allows you to take a trip in her mind to a world that is quite similar to our own and another half that is beyond comparison. No one better could come up with these novels like her...but that hasn't stopped many authors from trying to put a foot in the door for competition.Reading some of the reviews many are based on the presentation of the box the books come in. Yeah it's made of cardboard, but I have yet to buy a box of books that is anything more. Sure they deserve a good box because they are awesome novels... but if you want one, go buy one to your liking. They most likely would not sell these books at this price if it was all about the box cause the price that is charged is the approximate value of the books inside.I give my rating five stars on 7 lovely novels that I'm so happy to finally have copies of my own.I would also definitely recommend to any Potter fan to purchase this box set if you want all the books such a great price for softcovers and an even better price to those who really can't afford to purchase the much pricier hardcovers. Plus don't buy for the box buy the box set for the books :)

When I discovered my niece was a fan of J.K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series, I began searching for the complete set of books - which I thought would make a wonderful birthday present.  However, I soon found that sets at my local bookstores were going to cost approximately $100...and in some cases, much more.  I love my niece, but spending that much money on a pre-teen is not what I consider responsible adult behavior.Imagine my delight when I discovered this set on Amazon - a brand-new, boxed, complete set of all seven "Harry Potter" books in the durable softcover large size! The price was roughly half what the cheapest price was anywhere else, so I took a chance and made the purchase. Within a matter of days, my books had arrived; they were exactly what I was looking for, still sealed not only in their display box, but also in the protective plastic from the publisher.I highly recommend this product, as well as Amazon for working with this particular seller.
Received my item as expected and in great condition. My daughter was thrilled and I was happy to find such a good deal on the entire box set.
Accurate description
Love em
So beautiful. I haven't taken them out of the box or wrapping.
excellent as mention in the description
My daughter loves it!
Love these books, glad i got the set
It is excellent
AMAZING

Happy potter book set in paperback.
Great. I got all 7 soft cover books in a box to store them in. It was exactly what i wanted.
It is Christmas present for my daughter
My son loves these
Nice set! Will be Christmas present
Good set of books.  Great presentation.  Being given asa Christmas present
My grandson loves this series!!
I bought 2 sets of these books. I got them at a steal for only $38!! They're in mint condition, no issues with the books or shipping. My son and niece are going to be over the moon about this Christmas gift!
I was hoping for the case as well, however all the books are in fair condition.  You can tell they were very loved which only adds to the character and reading experience.
It's gorgeous! :)

Haven't read them since I was a kid; still the same magical experience as an adult!
Excellent! I was a big fan as a kid, but could only afford to rent the books. But now as an adult, I finally bought the whole set. The paper quality is good, if not the best. I would strongly recommend buying the whole set and saving about $25, instead of buying each book separately.PS: this is the US version.
My books came in great shape! The artwork on the books is beautiful. I am happy!
Perfect collection for Harry Potter lovers.
Perfect for our 11 year old grandson!  He loves them and has read three in a couple of weeks!
After all the hype, watching all the Harry Potter movies.....excluding Part II of the Deathly Hallows of course, I decided to read the books which was highly recommended.  So far I am only on the second book, The Chamber of Secrets, and really enjoying the read.  The movies can really never cover everything within the books so you get a better understanding of the stories and the relationships between the characters.  For me, I find it fun to read a book and then watch the movie right after to notice the changes and differences between the book and the way it is portrayed in the big screen.  If you are a fan of the Harry Potter movies you must read the books!  I also paid $43.47 (paperback) which comes out to $6.21 for each book, which is cheaper than purchasing individually.  It comes exactly how the pictures show.
Got for a raffle basket
My son loves his books
he tells me about every chapter:):)
Beautiful boxset

I wish it was hardcover but the paper back was such a great deal!
I read reviews after I ordered this and I was really worried because lots of people said the books and/or the box they came in was damaged. The box it came in was great and there was no damage to it. The only "damage" was the bottom of the books on the spine, the paper was pulled back a little and ripped. But it's not too noticeable so I can manage. Overall, I'm really happy
Loved it
Original artwork. Arrived in shrink wrap, so the bent corner of 2 covers the was from the manufacturer.
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 need I say more.
My daughter was loving these books right up until she started getting pages almost too feint to read. They are intermittent but are annoying.
I watched the movies because i’ve never really been big on reading, but i liked it so much and heard that the movies are actually wrong about a lot of things so i bought the books. The first book is bent and thay really really bothers me. I’m not gonna be extra and send it back but it’s very disappointing and annoying.
Great and arrived quickly.
This set got more use than any other books my son has ever had.
Great collection for my 8 year old granddaughter

I've lost, misplaced, dropped in bathtub, left at the beach, not kept all (ok fine, any) of the books in the series so I decided to purchase the box set and re-read from beginning to end.  Though I prefer reading my books on the Kindle, this series wasn't available and it's something worth having.  I'm almost 50 years old - and this is one of my favorite book series ever.  I didn't start reading Chamber of Secrets until the 5th book was published so by the time I was caught up Deathly Hallows was published.This is a nice set of Trade paperbacks - bigger than a regular paperback and smaller and lighter than a Hardcover. They come in a fairly sturdy cardboard case - nothing fancy - very practical. If you are over the age of 14 and under the age of 94, you should read this series.  This is a very easy way to have all the books in one place
Excellent!
Fantástic books
Daughter loves them
Highly recommend these books
Good size and compact.
His his sturdy. Good product
Very fast delivery!  My daughter was delighted when she opened the box!!!
Engaging, fun and immeasurably superior to the movies.
This is the second one I have bought as a gift...

My whole family is reading the series, so they will be read over and over again!
Awesome  books
Beautiful collection good price quality paperback
Xmas gift for my son he loves fictional books
Already in book 5.... good quality for a good price.
Perfect!  Great quality at a great price!  Better than expected!
Bought as a gift.
Given as a gift and he loved it.
Purchased for our son before we went to universal and he loved reading them!
i bought this as a gift for a child. when she unboxed it, everything looked fine. so far so good

Very nicely packed. My son loves it.
Nothing
My daughter has enjoyed these books again and again! Wonderful quality!
Kids loved it ..good buy
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows skips from page 28 to 77!
l like read book very much.
great
A+
Daughter loved them
Amazing books that came in perfect condition. Looks very nice on my shelf.

I loved these books and can't wait to read them again.
Daughter loves them and put together very well
Great birthday gift!
Loved this set, my little wizard was so excited to get this for her birthday!
I got the box set for my brothers and they love it. It is written in British English which is to be expected just if you're American like my brothers and I then some of the words you may need to search up. Great book series from an amazing author.
Arrived perfectly
me gusta HP desde niña y recien logro comprarme los libros. La caja es muy bonita y los libros tambien tienen un tamaño de letra apropiado.
AFFORDABLE PRICE
I didn't check the reviews before buying these but I hope someone out there is reading this one! As other commenters have mentioned, there are pages missing in book 7 and chapters repeated. DO NOT BUY
Sister loved it

Great
No complaints at all—good price and nice covers.
I just reread this series and found it to be so creative and captivating. The imagery, events and characters were absolutely wonderful. (I'm 69 - it's not just a children's story!)
Great deal
Love the books, but the box came all torn up. We didn't return it because it was the posterior aspect which most won't see...
Love these movies!
Fun set of books and the box cover is fun too. Best price ever for these.
Absolutely wonderful
PERFECT! A little hard to get books back into the box but it's cool
Our cousin is a Harry Potter fan and loves the books!

It's a very beautiful set.
Daughter LOVES them. Price was right
Christmas gift for kids
Beautiful books, great Christmas gift for my son!
Very good product! Happy with the quality!
Good value
So excited to give this great set to my son for his birthday!
Great product & As Advertised.
It’s Harry Potter, what’s not to love? Gave as a gift.
Son loves these

Great
Great buy! Beautiful illustrations on the cover. Awesome story
Huge sales! You can't go wrong with Mr. Potter.
Kids read more than few times. Good gift for everyone
Bought books as a gift. My granddaughter loved the books!
My boyfriend is a huge Harry Potter fan and was missing a couple of the books. He loves the fact that these come together in a nice, sturdy box! Great buy!
The filters I bought were prefect!
This product is excellent! Wonderful quality.
great product quality !
Great condition and amazing books! 😍

What a great collection of books.  made a wonderful present for my family.
I've read these books since elementary school and can't get enough of them. The set was clean and plastic wrapped, no complaints.
gift for my granddaughter who is 10.  She was thrilled
The box set looks great! Love the paperback books and the artwork on the cover. Definitely worth getting for any Harry Potter fan in your life!
JUST A MAGNIFICENT STORY.
Gift for daughter..she loved them
Love this product. Much cheaper than buying each book separately and the box helps keep them protected
great reading now to give them to my grand kid
Love these books
Just wanted to say that I held out reading the Harry Potter books as long as I could.  I was less than thrilled with Sorceres Stone and Chamber of Secrets- only because I am an older reader - and the first two books are geared more for children. But then I got to thinking: Theres a reason why these books are loved the world over- so I kept reading.  And Im here to tell you- am I glad I did!!  By the end of the Prisoner of Azkaban I was totally besotted with these characters.  So if you havent read the series yet- do yourself a favor anf pick this up. This is my second set of HP- the first set I gave to a long time fan- thinking I would never read them again.  Well this is the third time Ive read the whole series and I have to say i dont think its going to be my last.

Have 'em all now. Lent some of my originals, didn't keep track.
Love them
Beautiful collection and nicely packaged..
Got this for my little sister for xmas and was super happy.
Beautiful site, got them as a birthday present for my son and they are much loved
The best book collection ❤️
Beautiful books. My son loved them.
Got theses for my daughter and she loves them
Great
A great read for all ages

GREAT PRICE FOR THIS SET! BOX SET IS VERY NICE :]
Great, easy to read books.  My daughter and I are towards the end of the second book.  We are great time reading the stories together.  Already looking forward to the next book.
Beautiful! These books are the best. If you have a Harry Potter fan in your family, this makes the perfect gift!
Good read
Absolutely worth every penny. My son wanted the box collection for his birthday, and loves it!!
My daughter can't stop reading...
This was a Christmas gift for our 13 year old granddaughter. She was thrilled!
A well loved gift.
Beautiful! Love this series and am so happy to have all the books together in one place!
This is a great set for the price!

Package came a full 2 days early! Everything is perfect, neat, clean. Only thing I dislike is the container they put the books in. Its a very cheap cardboard material, where the picture looks like it could be made with something a but more high end. Other than that, everything great!
Great value
Love these books and this was a great deal!
My son loves this book collection.
As an Aussie Harry Potter fan, it was great to find the American (Scholastic) editions in a reasonably-priced boxed set...if a little weird to see book one titled "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone".  The box itself was slightly disappointing - though the artwork is fabulous, the box's construction is definitely not as sturdy as those for the British (Bloomsbury) editions we get here in Australia - which I also own.  The books themselves have very cool cover art as well - the main reason for my collecting yet another version of the series.For those who might be interested, Amazon's UK website has the Bloomsbury boxed sets available to order...Bloomsbury children's covers boxed set:  https://www.amazon.co.uk/Harry-Potter-Paperback-Boxed-Set/dp/0747595852/ref=sr_1_12?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1283174950&sr=1-12Bloomsbury adults' covers boxed set:  https://www.amazon.co.uk/Harry-Potter-Adult-Paperback-Boxed/dp/0747595844/ref=sr_1_3?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1283174950&sr=1-3 ).In November this year, there'll also be Bloomsbury's new Signature Editions boxed set: https://www.amazon.co.uk/Harry-Potter-Boxed-Set-Philosophers/dp/1408812525/ref=sr_1_3?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1283175386&sr=1-3If what you're really after is the books to read, then absolutely, buy this set!  If you're after a collector's item, and the less-sturdy cardboard doesn't worry you, then you too should buy this set.  If you're after a sturdier box and don't mind paying the extra for postage, get one of the British sets published by Bloomsbury.
At first when I got it I had 2 copies of sorcerers stone and no chamber of secrets but within a week after sending it back the same day I got a the correct pack with all books.
Who doesn't enjoy reading this over and over.
What a fun! I order that after reading the whole series in a different language. Yay
A great product for a great price. Came fast and in perfect condition
Love it

My husband LOVED THIS
christmas gift for 7 yr old she loved the gift
come on Harry Potter .. enough said
Exactly what i ordered. No issues
Perfect! My daughter loves them!
We all already know that the books are fantastic and that they are a must-have for anyone, anywhere.So let’s discuss the box set.I received the paper-back set for Christmas two years ago. Based on the photographs provided, it is clear to see that the set is constructed of cardboard. Cardboard is cardboard, people. But this cardboard is not very flimsy—in fact, the box has held up remarkably well.  Before I read the books, they looked very nice sitting in their box. Of course, after reading the series several times, the books have, er, “expanded” such that what once fit into the box no longer does. This, however, has nothing to do with the manufacturer and more to do with personal reading habits.Frankly, for a new set of Harry Potter books, you’re getting a great price. The books themselves have held up very well, especially compared to some of my other books of similar sizes (Twilight crumbled to dust). You’re getting all the books here for under fifty bucks. Is it cardboard? Absolutely. But you’re getting a great price for the books—so does the cardboard box really matter… maybe not.Also, I would like to mention that anyone who was disappointed by the hardcover set should’ve reviewed the pictures more closely. This box is also, very clearly, folded cardboard. The checkered lining of the box is obviously paper—there is no texture, and it has a sheen. What is depicted is essentially what you get.
Looks amazing and I was so happy until I pulled out the 5th year for the first time and it was already ruined.
Can you write a bad review about HP?
After many years I finally caved and started to read the Harry Potter series. At first I was really sarcastic about the whole thing and didn't think the books would be any good. This attitude came from the fact that most people who read the series are kids and I'm an adult.I'm happy to say though that these books really are great. I am an avid reader and read roughly 5-6 books a week. Now that's just in my spare time. As for this series it really held my attention. I HAD to read them in order, one after the other. No way so I going to take a "break". The plot lines are very complex and I do believe Rowling does a fabulous job and sucking the reader into not only the story but the characters and the landscape.If you are on the fence about buying this series for a family member, friend, etc. I would honestly say go ahead it get the books. Even if the individual isn't into sci-fi or magic (like myself) these books are compelling.As for shipping-It was amazing. I received my order within two days of submitting it.
My daughter loves the art work on the box and cant wait to get started on reading the books.

Excellent set for a young reader.
It's Harry Potter. Of course it's good.
I love these books.  It wish that I had started reading them years ago when my students told me to.
I love the Harry Potter series.  I think by now, we're all aware of how great the books are and what a fantastic journey you're on with Harry and crew when you read all these amazing and well-written books.  I really wanted to re-read these after having seen the last movie, and I thought this paperback set in the cardboard would make a nice little collection.  Upon receipt, I was more than satisfied with the quality of the cardboard box they're housed in and the books themselves.  I would definitely recommend purchasing this set, it's a great price, as you're saving over buying each book separately, and it comes in a nice little box, and it's a fantastic series of books that can be enjoyed again and again.
Christmas gift.
Neutral, this was a gift
Really good quality and nice alternative to buying the more expensive hard cover books.
Love love love this book set. Came as expected
This was for my daughter's 13th birthday.  She absolutely loved it and we were so happy with our purchase!
Perfect for a potterhead!

Perfect and economical!
This is my second harry potter collection set and love it!!
My nieces like it
Books are better than movies. Great buy.
great value for the whole set!
Very good buy for a great price
Awesome product!
Beautiful set, love the packaging!
Great price and in perfect condition!
A requested gift.

Great book set at a great price. Thank you
Girls won't stop reading this!
Daughter loves this set.
I have always wanted this series of books.  I had intended to purchase the special edition boxed set, but decided against it because of reviews saying the the bindings came apart even after the first careful use.  I was disappointed in the lower quality of paper used in the set that I purchased, but if you just desire to have the set for reading, they're fine.  They have the quality of cheap paper back books, but at least they don't fall apart when you're reading them.
This review is intended to help those who have not read many of the HP books, and want to know if the series as a whole is worth it, or for those who enjoy a little stats in their reading :)Ok, right off the bat, I bought all of these books separately, not as the box set. However, the price for all 7 paperbacks in this set is well worth it, so I'm not going to worry about the cardboard packaging that some are complaining about. The entire series for 50 bucks is a steal. Secondly, I have not personally read all 7 books, only the first 3, yet are completely enthralled with them already. And you don't need me to tell you how fun the books are, there's thousands of reviews for each book to peruse. What I'd like to do with this review is give a little glimpse into how other readers from forums across the internet rate the HP books from Best to Least Best ;) I was pleasantly surprised to find that readers enjoy the series as a whole, it doesn't peter out or lose it's steam after the first couple books. Quite the opposite, actually!I tabulated ratings from readers who listed the books in order of preference, giving their favorite 7 points, their second favorite 6 points, etc., with the last getting one point. I then counted up the points for each book to come up with an average rating for each.Here are the ratings that I averaged from worst to best:7. Sorcerer's Stone  Yr. 1  (2.84)6. Chamber of Secrets  Yr. 2  (3.15)5. Goblet of Fire  Yr. 4  (3.74)4. Half-Blood Prince  Yr. 6  (4.00)3. Prisoner of Azkaban  Yr. 3  (4.35)2. Order of the Phoenix  Yr. 5  (4.39)1. Deathly Hallows  Yr. 7  (5.52)Notes: All books were listed as someone's LEAST favorite at least once.All books EXCEPT Sorcerer's Stone (7) were listed as someone's MOST favorite at least once.Prisoner of Azkaban (3) and Order of the Phoenix (2) are practically tied for 2nd place, differing by only one point in a hundred!Sorcerer's Stone (7) was picked LEAST favorite by more voters than any other book.Deathly Hallows (1) and Prisoner of Azkaban (3) tied as MOST favorite by the same number of voters.Deathly Hallows (1) and Order of the Phoenix (2) tied as 2nd MOST favorite by the same number of voters.The consensus seems to be that the first 2 books, while good, are the weakest of the series, with books 3-6 all being a general step up in quality, while the clear favorite of the series is book 7, the largest and concluding volume. Statistically, this series only gets better as it goes (in a general sense), and is NOT a series that fails to live up to expectations. I can vouch myself for the fun, if light, introduction to the series in the first 2 books, and the beginning of darker undertones in book 3. I can personally say that I am hooked on this series and look forward to finishing the last 4 volumes in the near future.I hope this review has been helpful, or at the very least interesting in it's approach to reviewing a series that's already been praised more than any other in recent memory that I can think of. Highly recommended!!
A fabulous gift for an avid reader who someone has not managed to make her way to the Harry Potter books. I was so excited after buying this set that I reread my entire set of hardbacks. Although the storytelling is quaint and charming (although it becomes darker and darker as Harry ages), the plot has some small things that I have to mention - here, where it is likely to go unnoticed. I don't think any of the characters changed (matured) with the exception of Neville Longbottom. It irks me.Here are another set of complaints (though I disagree with #7): http://www.collegehumor.com/post/6941658/12-things-that-still-bother-me-about-harry-potterBut overall, a wonderful set of stories of adventure, friendship, and magic.PS I can't understand why people would not want their teenage kids to read this series because it involves magic. It's fiction, people!PPS Or is it?
They came exactly as expected
books came in, in great condition no bent corners or bends in the binding so i am very happy
Christmas present for my daughter. She loves it!!
Excelent, better than the movie

This was a really nice set for the price! My local used bookstore was charging the same amount for a used set. My niece loved it!
Books cane intact and new. However, the third book has a minor rip in it that is’nt much concern to me but i did buy brand new and expect the books to come flawless.
This book series is one for the ages! Highly recommended and very entertaining. I was introduced to Harry Potter through the movies and never bothered to read the books because I believed them to be children's stories but, I was wrong and I've come to appreciate JK Rowling in her writing. She's great at her craft and the books, as always, are better than the movies thought, those were some well directed and acted out movies still. Made it through Philosopher's Stone and Chamber of Secrets and both books give you better details about Voldemort's past and a bigger presence from its supporting cast. Now I'm reading Prisoner of Azkaban and it's just as entertaining,if not more than the film it was based on. Looking forward to the remaining 4 books once I'm finished with this one. Rowling has really made reading fun again!! Do not miss out on this!! You won't regret it.
Works Good
We got these in time for Christmas. My 11 year old was happy to open them Christmas morning.
Love it. And my boyfriend loves this so much
Great series
My other grandkids (6 and 8) are the ones who began reading/listening to these books.  I then bought the first of the series for my 7 1/2 yr. old grandson.  He loved the book, and his dad read a chapter each night.  He was so excited with the first book that I decided to get the whole set as a keepsake.  He was so excited when the set arrived!  It is actually less expensive to buy the set than to buy the books individually.  The book holder is a nice way to store the books.  My grandson's dad was going to leave for a business trip on the first day of school.  One of their activities the night before was to read 4-5 chapters and finish Book Two!  My other grandkids have been able to read some parts of the books, but my grandson continues to look forward to the nightly reading.  The words and names are not too difficult for them, and their understanding of the stories is excellent.  What a wonderful way to welcome children to the world of books!
nice
Great quality. Was a present for my sister and she loved them!

who doesnt love Harry Potter? :)
Received these books and loved them.
GREAT
I like this edition and i think that is not that expensive for what it offers, i love it and i'm already reading the books...
So glad I was able to get this set. I've been wanting to read these books for awhile. Decided to get the whole set because waiting around to buy the next book when I've finished the previous one just sucks. I'm very pleased with the condition. There corner of the box that the books sit in is slightly smooshed, like it was pressed against something too hard or for too long in the warehouse. It surely didn't happen during shipping since it was packaged in a large box and surrounded by bubble stuff. Not too worried about it. It's cardboard, not much can be done about it. Over all though, this is a great product. Love the design on the outside of the box and on the books. Now as for the books..well we all know they're amazing, intriguing, just overwhelmingly great.. READ 'EM. Get this set. Totes worth it.
I love the Harry Potter books and was happy when I got this set. They are a great price and very good quality. I would definitely recomend this to anyone.
good books
Seriously amazing books! This is way cheaper to by all books in this box set than to buy them individually. Also, the box they come in (Just cardboard) is fairly sturdy and keeps all the books organized in a practical and clean way. Its also nice to have all the books the same size (Not length wise but height and width) so I can go from book to book not having to get used to a bigger or smaller sized book. If you haven't read these books and call yourself a harry potter fan or simply never got into the series yet, what are waiting for, GET THEM. like really, buy them... now... you wont be upset... I promise!
The best books
For JK Rowling's writing style, characters, and plot, of course, I would give this set 5 stars.  Unlike the box set of books 1-6, this set does not appear to be missing pages or chapters.  I've only read 4 of the books so far, but the others appear to be complete.  I'll update as soon as I've finished the series.I considered giving the set less stars because the paperbacks and their box are not as well constructed as I had hoped.  The book covers and corners of the box are creased and sloppily glued.  I still gave the set 5 stars, though, because it is less expensive than purchasing the paperbacks separately, and it comes with a nifty (though slightly cracked & rumpled) display box.Having all seven books in a paperback box set is so exciting, that I expect everyone will run right out and buy this set, despite any cosmetic issues I have noted.  I hope your set will look better than mine!

Both kids love it
The Harry Potter series has become one of my favorites in the past years. I try to only read books that have been around for a while, because then you know it's good, having passed the test of time (ex. The Hobbit, and The Lord of the Rings). But I think it's safe to say the Harry Potter series will be around for a long time and is not just a cultural flash in the pan.The first three books of the series are more light hearted, magical, Harry and Friends adventures. Then books four through seven get a lot more complex and dark, which make the whole series a great read. Rowling starts pulling back in small details from the first few books that you may have thought insignificant at the time, but were actually major plot elements. Whether she thought about them at the time and had plans later on, or if she wove all the small details together later on in her planning, she did so brilliantly.Anyone who is looking for a great, easy to read, series, I highly recommend reading Harry Potter. Also, let's face it, the books are always better than the movies :)
Received it in perfect condition!
Very nice.
Super
Great
I have nothing bad to say. I am satisfied
Very pleased.  Thanks
My daughter loved the series and all books were on excellent condition
I finally got around to reading Harry Potter and it was great. The books were wonderful. The only small problem was that I couldn't fit them all back in the box after reading, but who cares!

Glad I ow can own a set
Ordered it during the holidays and still arrived on time! Awesome buy!
Great job
Yep, love.
Loved. Perfect gift for the perfect price
Beautiful set, very pleased. Arrived fast and in beautiful box. Love it!
excellent purchase
So glad to finally get the set at a reasonable price
Daugher still reads these to this day.
The pages' quality is poor! But the story is one of the best that exists.

The books themselves are amazing, but it was the condition I got the box set in that warrants not giving 5 stars. The back corner of the box set itself was crushed inwards and there was also a small rip on the back of the box. As for the books themselves, the pages are okay, but there are small spots on the binding. Unfortunately, I looks like it was handled quite carelessly. They are a good read though, and I can't bring myself to put them down. That's the only reason I didn't want to return it. If you want a pretty and brand new box set, just be careful because mine was not shipped with care.
We are reading a chapter a day and they are hooked. Thank goodness for this set, its was reasonable for our modest budget and its something the students and families are having a great time with.
I'm not sure whether I received a different boxset than some of the other reviewers, but I have no problems with the packaging of the set (and I am pretty picky when it comes to the quality).  You get all 7 books for just $50. These are the same paperback editions that retail $11-$15 on their own. The box is made of very heavy cardboard(which does not seem flimsy at all), with a pleasant albeit unremarkable design on it. Some reviewers complained that the box fell apart, but I don't understand how it could, unless you purposely disassembled it (well yes, of course it is going to fall apart then), constantly carried the entire boxset around with you, threw it against the wall, or sat on it. You get what you pay for. If you want all 7 paperback editions in a reasonably priced set of good quality, then you should get this boxset; it is a great deal. If you want a glorious eyecatching collector's piece that will look just great sitting on your bookshelf, then don't get this set--quit being so cheap and plunk down $200 for the hardcover set. Many of these reviewers seem to have unreasonable expectations for the money they pay.
Loves these books

Great buy!
I'd been meaning to re-read this series for a while, and it was nice to have them all in one set so when I finished one, I could put it back and grab the next. A super price for all 7 books, and, of course, it's a really fun read for any age!
Good
My son loves it!
Love it! Great set of the Harry Potter book series! My son is loving it! He is soon to be 10 and just now we started reading the first book. I admit I had not read any of the HP or watched the movies as it was just not on my radar at the time when it came out. Now that my kids are old enough we have finally taken the dive. It is turning out to be a fun series so far, but we have a ways to go yet! As the set goes it comes in a lovely box set with the standard paperbacks. This is great because it allows you to keep the books together and set them anywhere. If you don't have space in your bookshelf directly this can set atop the bookshelf or in or on a nightstand or wherever you need it to go without being confined to a book shelf. The illustrations on it are lovely and bold.

good books to own
I'm a HUGE Harry Potter fan, but let's face it - not all of us can afford to drop $100 or more on a collection of hardcover books. At $100 for 7 books, that averages out to around $15 per book, which is probably the better bang for your buck, but still hard on the wallet. Finding this paperback collection seemed much more justifiable to my conscience because it's more like paying $7.50 per book. Despite being the "cheaper" books, the stories are the same and that's all that matters to me.All in all, it fills my Harry Potter need without requiring me to spend a large sum of money. Definitely a good purchase for those who don't mind paperbacks.
It's leviosa not leviosaah
excelente producto , buen material y la caja de guardarlos libros es muy bonita , recomendado 100%
The set is as described but it is a very low quality box set. Great to have the books but the pages easily tear.
Books in perfect condition
Gift
I have to admit that I saw the movies before reading the books. Although people have recommended reading the books first, I have always been picky about books I read. If it does not suck me in from the minute I begin to read, I will not read the book. JK Rowlings has done an excellent job drawing readers of all ages into the series. I received the books in the mail 3 weeks ago and I am almost done reading the 7th book (which is good considering how busy my summer has been). I will begin reading "Tales of Beedle The Bard" when finished with the series. There is a great deal more (obviously) to the books than the movies, which I love. If you haven't already read the books do so.
I am 36 and still read these over again every once in a while....I finally decided to get the paper book set just to have them around.
QUICK EFFICIENT ALL PERFECT 100%

Was a gift, no complaints
This is perfect. Its a nice neat box with all the books.  Its a boxset, and I knew it wasn't going to be some treasure chest made of wood and metal, like some other people who reviewed the item must have thought.  Plus, there are pictures available on amazon to view the thing.Its AMAZING how different books are from the movies that are based on them.  If you like the movies, GET THE BOOKS. They explain so much more, give more insight, and things just make sense (for example, who the heck is Moony, Padfoot, Wormtail and Prongs, who made the Marauder's map?)
I absolutely love everything about this shipment. From the Box Set Designs to the size everything was what I wanted it to be and more. I received this in 2012 and it still looks brand new.! #PotterHead for life. Books are LOVE... STOP debating and order now.
Love Harry Potter and this collection is perfect!
The books came perfectly , right on time . The letters on the cover had a little bit of the paint chipped but besides that they were perfect.
good
Arrived on time, good quality!
Quick disclaimer : My review is specifically for the product, not the writing.For the longest time I have wanted to have a complete set of the HP books. So when I saw this set for $22, I jumped on it. It comes in a nice little box. The spine is sturdy. And the books are small enough to carry around in a backpack or purse, but not so small you strain your eyesight reading them.If you are looking for a good reading set, this will be it.
Great! one of the best Christmas gifts under the tree according to my Daughter- shipping did take a little longer than expected but made it in time
for the wife from kids!

was as advertised
Great gift!
I love reading and rereading this series!  I was tempted to buy it for my kindle, but Harry Potter should only be read with physical copies where you can turn the crisp, starred pages. After always having to borrow these books from friends and libraries for years, I decided to splurge and buy a new set of my very own, and I was not disappointed!  I proudly display my box set on my dresser.Second best part of this purchase (since the books were clearly the best part)? Receiving the shipment in a Scholastic box, just like the boxes I remember elementary school teacher's receiving whenever I ordered books through the monthly catalog.
Beautiful set of books, the graphics on the box has such a lovely design.
Grand daughter loved them
I bought this product new, no sale price.  It should be flawless!!
naturally I LOVE this!!
I had never read the Harry Potter series before seeing all of the movies. However, my fiancee read them before each movie, and she has been encouraging me to read them for awhile.I am glad that I did! I do not always believe the general assumption that "the book is better than the movie," but it is the case with this series.  There are a lot of little side stories that the book adds that the movie did not have time to play through, such as the ghosts that appear in the first movie, which play a bigger role in the other books but not the movies.  To be fair to the movies, they have stayed pretty true to the books whenever they did not leave things out, and the few divergences are usually to add humor.Regardless of age, I definitely suggest the series.
As advertised
Purchased for a Christmas gift at an amazing value. Very quick delivery and books arrived in box in great shape.

I broughtbthese for my granddaughter.  She idle harry potter
this is a great book must buy
the books was great..
I love all the books I’m so glad that I could finally read all of them
I bought it as a gift and the little girl loved it!
If you have any clue as to what Harry Potter is about, then you know that the movies don't do the books justice. Even though I'm a huge fan of the movies, I love them all; I knew I was missing something. So after I saw the HBP in theaters I went home and ordered the box set. I was tired of being `out of the loop.' Once they arrived it took me about two weeks to read them, my job kept getting in the way, lol. They are awesome! But I don't need to tell you that. The packaging they came in however is not so awesome. I've seen pizza boxes withstand better delivery. But what can you do when so many people love Harry Potter? For those who do not like the wizarding world or the Potter mania, that's cool, it is not for everyone. But for those who do, you understand, you know. I can't wait for the last two movies to come out, it will be bittersweet.
Amazing
There really isn't much to say about this set. I will not comment on the content of the books, just on the set itself.It contains all 7 of the Harry Potter books in paperback, what more do you need to know? The books themselves are all of good quality with good bindings. The box for the set is not really elaborate or special, but I didn't expect it to be for a paperback set. If this were a hardcover set, I would probably complain about the packaging, but I wanted an inexpensive copy of all the books that I can take with me anywhere, and that's why I bought the paperbacks.
Gold paint is scratching off the title.
Arrived on time. This is a replacement set for my destroyed originals. Love this series.

Great books in nice box
I'm so excited to reread the Harry Potter Series. I've always had a fondness for used books, and this set is perfect! The books are in great condition and were accurately described.
Very, very happy with my order. Actually got hardcover when I was expecting all paperback. I would definitely order again. I might do it soon. Thanks. My family will get a lot of enjoyment from these.
My kids loved getting this boxed set for Christmas!Although a bit pricey all at one time, this set is actually a real bargain. These seven books have been read over and over in our home. The kids have truly enjoyed having the whole set. They are able to finish one book and move on to the next eagerly.The cardboard box keeps the books all together in a neat fashion. And the kids are particlar about keeping the books in chronological order within the box. They all take great pride in this set. And they are always proud to show their friends that they have the "boxed set".I would not hesitate to recommend this seto to my Harry Potter loving friends. Who knows? This set might even become a collectors item and become more valuable than what I paid for them in the first place.
Came in perfect conditions. The books look very good-made and also are beautiful. The only deception was that the box looks bigger in the image and it's only 21.1 cm tall, 21.5 cm deep and 26.8 cm width.
It's exactly what I wanted, and I've been dying to buy this set, the illustrations are my favorite and I didn't think finding this set was possible. I'm beyond happy!
They were a Christmas Present for our Granddaughter in California. And she loves them.
My Son likes it a lot
I must admit that I am a late bloomer when it came to reading Harry Potter.  I was not an enthusiast in the beginning.  It wasn't untill I got my 40" Hd TV and watched the series on HBO.  I slowly got hooked on the charachters and plots and found myself being drawn into the Harry Potter circle.  I truly love to read but I was not doing much casual reading mostly I read manuals of some sort or another.  I found the Harry Potter book set advertised on my FB page (I follow three or four Harry Potter pages as well as Amazon) and since I have seen all the movies except the last I was interested in how the movies differed from the books.  I purchased the books at a good price, recieved the shipment in good time and was off to enjoying one of my favorite relaxing past times. Although I do not know how relaxing it was reading book seven.  "The Deathly Hallows" was filled with adventure and danger keeping the reader on the edge of their seat.  I have dealt with Amazon numerous times and so far never hit a glitch in their billing or customer service.  The books are great but since multi-millions of copies have been sold world wide I don't think it will be news to anyone that reads this review.  The seven books in their own display case is a wonderful addition to anyone's bookcase.  I purchased the paperback version and I am thinking of also buying the hard cover books because although paperbacks are less expensive they get disfigured easily.  As far as the quality of the written word I read the seventh book in just four days.  I could not put it down for long, I just had to get to the end to see if Harry, Hermoine & Ron's army of friends was victorious over the Dark Lord and his Death Eaters.  Happy Reading to all.
My son loves the books, he is already on this third book. I love the box it comes in perfect for keeping them together.

Great books my daughter loves them.
Arrived in great shape. No problems.
As described.
This was a Christmas gift for my 8 year old and she absolutely loves them.  These are paperback and come in a cardboard box, not a collector's edition.  Amazon had the cheapest price and neither my daughter nor I cared if the covers were the new or the old art.  She is already on the third book and neither of us have any complaints.  The first three books have held up well even after being thrown in my daughter's back pack day after day.  The bottom line, I wanted the cheapest price for a great story/series and I am just happy to see my child read willingly!
My son love the set
Prompt delivery. Set in great shape with all the original cover and chapter art.
The set came just as described, I love it.
Really nice paperback books, all pages are there, nothing missing
Arrived Early. My 9 year old loves the books and thought it was the perfect christmas gift.
The books are better than the movies!  As hard as it may seem, they really are!  Each one is easy to follow, affordable in this paperback option (reasonable in hard cover as well), and has great illustrations and takes the reader so far away that it is almost impossible to put down.  If one's attention isn't "grabbed" during "The Sorcerer's Stone", he/she will be captivated by the second book, "The Chamber of Secrets" (my personal favorite).  Keep in mind, as the characters age and mature, the stories tend to develop a darker tone as this is essentially a good versus evil series.  Fans will cheer and cry but will never be disappointed.  I guarantee it!

Great books my daughter loves them.
Arrived in great shape. No problems.
As described.
This was a Christmas gift for my 8 year old and she absolutely loves them.  These are paperback and come in a cardboard box, not a collector's edition.  Amazon had the cheapest price and neither my daughter nor I cared if the covers were the new or the old art.  She is already on the third book and neither of us have any complaints.  The first three books have held up well even after being thrown in my daughter's back pack day after day.  The bottom line, I wanted the cheapest price for a great story/series and I am just happy to see my child read willingly!
My son love the set
Prompt delivery. Set in great shape with all the original cover and chapter art.
The set came just as described, I love it.
Really nice paperback books, all pages are there, nothing missing
Arrived Early. My 9 year old loves the books and thought it was the perfect christmas gift.
The books are better than the movies!  As hard as it may seem, they really are!  Each one is easy to follow, affordable in this paperback option (reasonable in hard cover as well), and has great illustrations and takes the reader so far away that it is almost impossible to put down.  If one's attention isn't "grabbed" during "The Sorcerer's Stone", he/she will be captivated by the second book, "The Chamber of Secrets" (my personal favorite).  Keep in mind, as the characters age and mature, the stories tend to develop a darker tone as this is essentially a good versus evil series.  Fans will cheer and cry but will never be disappointed.  I guarantee it!

Great books my daughter loves them.
Arrived in great shape. No problems.
As described.
This was a Christmas gift for my 8 year old and she absolutely loves them.  These are paperback and come in a cardboard box, not a collector's edition.  Amazon had the cheapest price and neither my daughter nor I cared if the covers were the new or the old art.  She is already on the third book and neither of us have any complaints.  The first three books have held up well even after being thrown in my daughter's back pack day after day.  The bottom line, I wanted the cheapest price for a great story/series and I am just happy to see my child read willingly!
My son love the set
Prompt delivery. Set in great shape with all the original cover and chapter art.
The set came just as described, I love it.
Really nice paperback books, all pages are there, nothing missing
Arrived Early. My 9 year old loves the books and thought it was the perfect christmas gift.
The books are better than the movies!  As hard as it may seem, they really are!  Each one is easy to follow, affordable in this paperback option (reasonable in hard cover as well), and has great illustrations and takes the reader so far away that it is almost impossible to put down.  If one's attention isn't "grabbed" during "The Sorcerer's Stone", he/she will be captivated by the second book, "The Chamber of Secrets" (my personal favorite).  Keep in mind, as the characters age and mature, the stories tend to develop a darker tone as this is essentially a good versus evil series.  Fans will cheer and cry but will never be disappointed.  I guarantee it!

Great books my daughter loves them.
Arrived in great shape. No problems.
As described.
This was a Christmas gift for my 8 year old and she absolutely loves them.  These are paperback and come in a cardboard box, not a collector's edition.  Amazon had the cheapest price and neither my daughter nor I cared if the covers were the new or the old art.  She is already on the third book and neither of us have any complaints.  The first three books have held up well even after being thrown in my daughter's back pack day after day.  The bottom line, I wanted the cheapest price for a great story/series and I am just happy to see my child read willingly!
My son love the set
Prompt delivery. Set in great shape with all the original cover and chapter art.
The set came just as described, I love it.
Really nice paperback books, all pages are there, nothing missing
Arrived Early. My 9 year old loves the books and thought it was the perfect christmas gift.
The books are better than the movies!  As hard as it may seem, they really are!  Each one is easy to follow, affordable in this paperback option (reasonable in hard cover as well), and has great illustrations and takes the reader so far away that it is almost impossible to put down.  If one's attention isn't "grabbed" during "The Sorcerer's Stone", he/she will be captivated by the second book, "The Chamber of Secrets" (my personal favorite).  Keep in mind, as the characters age and mature, the stories tend to develop a darker tone as this is essentially a good versus evil series.  Fans will cheer and cry but will never be disappointed.  I guarantee it!

Great Christmas gift for kids.
3/7 books fell completely apart after one read.
This is awesome. I love them. They are in great condition.
This Harry Potter Paperback Box Set met all my expectations. The books are big and delicates just how I wanted it to be.Plus it came few days earlier than expected.
LOVE LOVE LOVE
Great purchase
I have not read Harry Potter, but my grandchildren love the books. One of my grandsons wanted all 7 books for his birthday. I saw this set and decided to order them for him. I like that the books are lighter in weight than the hardbacks, making it easier for my young grandson to hold them. The cover art is beautiful as well. I can't talk about the plot or the characters, but I can say that my grandson was very happy with them. I recommend the set for anyone who loves the books and wants a nice set of them at a reasonable price.
great set of books. my nieces loved it. our family has proper potterheads in the new generation now. :)
Got this set for my sister for Christmas and she loved it!!
Loved the size of these books. Great for our 9 year old to hold.

Great Christmas gift for kids.
3/7 books fell completely apart after one read.
This is awesome. I love them. They are in great condition.
This Harry Potter Paperback Box Set met all my expectations. The books are big and delicates just how I wanted it to be.Plus it came few days earlier than expected.
LOVE LOVE LOVE
Great purchase
I have not read Harry Potter, but my grandchildren love the books. One of my grandsons wanted all 7 books for his birthday. I saw this set and decided to order them for him. I like that the books are lighter in weight than the hardbacks, making it easier for my young grandson to hold them. The cover art is beautiful as well. I can't talk about the plot or the characters, but I can say that my grandson was very happy with them. I recommend the set for anyone who loves the books and wants a nice set of them at a reasonable price.
great set of books. my nieces loved it. our family has proper potterheads in the new generation now. :)
Got this set for my sister for Christmas and she loved it!!
Loved the size of these books. Great for our 9 year old to hold.

Sorcerer's Stone and Order of the Pheonix were both missing about 50 pages, I would order a different set to try and mitigate mistake.
I love Harry Potter and this box set is my favorite!
LOVE IT!
My daughter loves her book set!
Amazing book but the paper quality of this Scholistic publication paperback is really bad.
This is my favorite series of books since the first one came out so I waited to buy the entire set just so I can read it over and over again.
Happy with my purchase.
Best series ever!
I got this as a gift for my sister. It's a great price and the set was in great condition.She loves it.
Beautiful books!

Sorcerer's Stone and Order of the Pheonix were both missing about 50 pages, I would order a different set to try and mitigate mistake.
I love Harry Potter and this box set is my favorite!
LOVE IT!
My daughter loves her book set!
Amazing book but the paper quality of this Scholistic publication paperback is really bad.
This is my favorite series of books since the first one came out so I waited to buy the entire set just so I can read it over and over again.
Happy with my purchase.
Best series ever!
I got this as a gift for my sister. It's a great price and the set was in great condition.She loves it.
Beautiful books!

Sorcerer's Stone and Order of the Pheonix were both missing about 50 pages, I would order a different set to try and mitigate mistake.
I love Harry Potter and this box set is my favorite!
LOVE IT!
My daughter loves her book set!
Amazing book but the paper quality of this Scholistic publication paperback is really bad.
This is my favorite series of books since the first one came out so I waited to buy the entire set just so I can read it over and over again.
Happy with my purchase.
Best series ever!
I got this as a gift for my sister. It's a great price and the set was in great condition.She loves it.
Beautiful books!

Sorcerer's Stone and Order of the Pheonix were both missing about 50 pages, I would order a different set to try and mitigate mistake.
I love Harry Potter and this box set is my favorite!
LOVE IT!
My daughter loves her book set!
Amazing book but the paper quality of this Scholistic publication paperback is really bad.
This is my favorite series of books since the first one came out so I waited to buy the entire set just so I can read it over and over again.
Happy with my purchase.
Best series ever!
I got this as a gift for my sister. It's a great price and the set was in great condition.She loves it.
Beautiful books!

Sorcerer's Stone and Order of the Pheonix were both missing about 50 pages, I would order a different set to try and mitigate mistake.
I love Harry Potter and this box set is my favorite!
LOVE IT!
My daughter loves her book set!
Amazing book but the paper quality of this Scholistic publication paperback is really bad.
This is my favorite series of books since the first one came out so I waited to buy the entire set just so I can read it over and over again.
Happy with my purchase.
Best series ever!
I got this as a gift for my sister. It's a great price and the set was in great condition.She loves it.
Beautiful books!

Sorcerer's Stone and Order of the Pheonix were both missing about 50 pages, I would order a different set to try and mitigate mistake.
I love Harry Potter and this box set is my favorite!
LOVE IT!
My daughter loves her book set!
Amazing book but the paper quality of this Scholistic publication paperback is really bad.
This is my favorite series of books since the first one came out so I waited to buy the entire set just so I can read it over and over again.
Happy with my purchase.
Best series ever!
I got this as a gift for my sister. It's a great price and the set was in great condition.She loves it.
Beautiful books!

Really happy w/ this box set. A little cumbersome getting the books out if they are all stuffed inside already, but worth the price. My point of purchase came from deciding between digital or this. & it's nostalgic to tote around a physical novel, like when I was a kid.Inexpensive compared to buying them separate, & you know the condition is great when new. Perfect for yourself or as a gift to a reader being introduced to HP for the first time.
I'm glad my daughter likes the story. Missing pages in book 7 is annoying.
My son loved it!
Loved getting the whole set nicely boxed and my son really loved them
Bought this as a gift. I learned that my brother and sister-in-law had never read the story. I was shocked.
Harry Potter is my life time best series. I really love the series, enjoy each and every book in the series. So I decided to have them in their original language and I bought this box set. The box set came in perfectly good condition (better than the pics), books are complete and in order. I'm not expecting any bonus came with this box set, so I'm truly satisfied with what came to my hand.
Just what I needed in great condition
Bought as a gift for my 8 year old grandson. He loves them.
All good , my granddaughter very happy with present ...
The complete set in a box.  Perfect for any Harry Potter fan

Really happy w/ this box set. A little cumbersome getting the books out if they are all stuffed inside already, but worth the price. My point of purchase came from deciding between digital or this. & it's nostalgic to tote around a physical novel, like when I was a kid.Inexpensive compared to buying them separate, & you know the condition is great when new. Perfect for yourself or as a gift to a reader being introduced to HP for the first time.
I'm glad my daughter likes the story. Missing pages in book 7 is annoying.
My son loved it!
Loved getting the whole set nicely boxed and my son really loved them
Bought this as a gift. I learned that my brother and sister-in-law had never read the story. I was shocked.
Harry Potter is my life time best series. I really love the series, enjoy each and every book in the series. So I decided to have them in their original language and I bought this box set. The box set came in perfectly good condition (better than the pics), books are complete and in order. I'm not expecting any bonus came with this box set, so I'm truly satisfied with what came to my hand.
Just what I needed in great condition
Bought as a gift for my 8 year old grandson. He loves them.
All good , my granddaughter very happy with present ...
The complete set in a box.  Perfect for any Harry Potter fan

I never understood what all the fuss and fervor about HP were about in high school.  Now I do.  Of course, I not gonna buy wizard robes any time soon, but after having to read "Sorcerer's Stone" in college, I chose to read the rest.  So to all those who I poked fun at, please accept this as my apology.  This really is a perfectly crafted story from beginning to end.  And although it began as a children's series, it is much more than that.
we love it!
Love the price
It came on time and had everything it was supposed to, for me that's 5 stars
ok. on time
As reviews for all box sets (regardless of publishers) are lumped together, I thought to give feedback on the Scholastic Paperback Box Set (Books 1-7) which I just received today. A review on the story content has received enough coverage so I will only focus on the quality of the box and book quality. The box overall is sturdy enough and acceptable (even though there was a little dent at one corner but that's a delivery issue). However, I am disappointed by the quality of the paper and the small font size, which is surprising for a set targeted at children.I compared the quality of this set to that of a borrowed book that was published by Bloomsbury and the latter was much better on both paper quality and font size so I would recommend that set instead, which I think has a similar cost in Amazon UK. I lived outside US so I am not going to bother returning this set but if I would have if I reside there.
Quick shipping and nicely bundled.
Nice boxed set of all the Harry Potter books.  My daughter has already worked her way through two of the books and is on her third.  I recommend this purchase if you are not lending your books out to all of your friends.  I have already purchased each of the Harry Potter books separately in hard cover, but they were so well read that they are either missing or have broken bindings.  This is our second set and I am keeping it close to home.
I loved it, exactly what I wanted!
Nice box set - as expected.  My daughter was happy !

Wonderful books for kids and adults !!
Just what I expected.
There aint nothing like Harry Potter. Read the first book and you'll understand why Jo Rowling is the world's best selling author.If you're like most people and you claim not to like sci-fi - do yourself a favor and give HP a chance. It aint sci fi as you know it, it's a different world you'll want to live in.Family appropriate, appreciated by kids and adults. So complex and light hearted. Entertaining, amusing, thought provoking, inspiring.
I liked everything I chose except the cane attachment. I didn't like that at all!!
Very pleased
The books and box are as expected.  It was cheaper to buy the whole set than individual books and it is nice to have the cardboard box to store them in.The edges of the book binding did get rubbed and loose some color from being carried around so I protect the books a little more now.  But they are paper backs so I didn't expect them to handle much abuse.In general it is a good purchase for anyone wanting to read the whole Harry Potter collection.
Amazing! I love the style of these books and it arrived on time and in good condition
Perfect!!!!
Very fast shiping and good quality
I mean, it’s Harry Potter

Wonderful books for kids and adults !!
Just what I expected.
There aint nothing like Harry Potter. Read the first book and you'll understand why Jo Rowling is the world's best selling author.If you're like most people and you claim not to like sci-fi - do yourself a favor and give HP a chance. It aint sci fi as you know it, it's a different world you'll want to live in.Family appropriate, appreciated by kids and adults. So complex and light hearted. Entertaining, amusing, thought provoking, inspiring.
I liked everything I chose except the cane attachment. I didn't like that at all!!
Very pleased
The books and box are as expected.  It was cheaper to buy the whole set than individual books and it is nice to have the cardboard box to store them in.The edges of the book binding did get rubbed and loose some color from being carried around so I protect the books a little more now.  But they are paper backs so I didn't expect them to handle much abuse.In general it is a good purchase for anyone wanting to read the whole Harry Potter collection.
Amazing! I love the style of these books and it arrived on time and in good condition
Perfect!!!!
Very fast shiping and good quality
I mean, it’s Harry Potter

Nicely well packaged...
The box is nice and pretty and the books come in perfect order
Arrived on time. Amazing.
I don't have to wait for any book to come back to the library! I can visit Hogswart whenever I want!
My son loves his new set of books!! They came in great condition!!
Extremely happy with the purchase.  I bought it for my newphew who loves to read.  Seeing his face when he opened these books for Christmas was worth every penny I paid.I had purchased the same set of books just a week before in a store and returned them after being able to make this purchase for the same set of books at almost 1/2 the price.
The price and a fun read.
This set was nicer than I expected. The books are of great quality and came in great condition.
First of all, the Harry Potter books is the best book series ever so if you're looking for some books to read at a reasonable price then this is the series to buy. If you're looking for a collectors box don't buy this because it just holds all the books in a cardboard box (at least the box has designs on it) but does come in shrink wrap so you can preserve it if you want to have a good collection untouched I guess. Anyway, if you just want the books to read them like I did get this package it will suffice for what you need at a decent price. Harry Potter fan forever . . . and ever.I will be sitting in my rocker at the age of 80 reading Harry Potter books and my family will ask, "Still after all this time?" and I will say "Always."Harry Potter rules.
The Harry Potter series is, simply put, amazing.  Having all seven books is almost a necessity as they books are fun and easy to read and I am able to fly through them.  They are hard to put down and you can go right into the next book after finishing the one before.  J. K. Rowling writes simply, but not boring, and even though Harry Potter is found in the children's section of most libraries and bookstores, Rowling has the ability to write in such a way that Harry breaks the mold of traditional "children's" books, appealing to people of many different generations.  I am 23, and love these books.  My uncle is over 60 yrs old and he bought his box set from Amazon as well.  Amazon is THE place to buy books (as well as numerous other products) online.  I am very satisfied with my purchase of the Harry Potter Paperback Box Set (Books 1-7), as you will be, too.

It's strange to see the amount of complaints given the price tag. It's terrible that folks don't associate $53 to a fairly cheaper set compared to the more pricier sets out there into the hundred$ of dollar$. The set is very nice. They are paperbacks, so if you're ok with that - this is a great purchase. The case that holds all the books is made of some hard cardboard, not cheap at all. My Daughter loves them!
Just as described
My 9 year old is going through her Harry Potter phase. Normally, my kids have just checked out the books through the school library, but when my daughter finished the 2nd book, she couldn't get the 3rd... I found this set at a great price and bought it for her as a reward for reading!!
I purchased this item and received it two days later! As far as I can tell they're the real books and not a counterfeit from some magical foreign country. I see some people don't care for the box it comes in, they must be Slytherin fans. I particularly don't mind it. I haven't invested in a book shelf yet, so I find it rather nice it comes in SOMETHING rather than having my books dramatically scattered across my bedroom floor and risk tripping over them and breaking a valuable body part. And at the end of the day, it's the Harry Potter books I am concerned about, not fanciness of the box it comes in. At this price I think it's a wonderful deal and absolutely worth the buy!
Have read all the books and liked them so much I wanted my own set.
It came early and it looked great! Love the books!
Good
Came as expected and earlier than planned
Thanks, good item. Exactly what you would expect.
I bought this for the kids and we read each book before watching the film adaptation of each one, which was a real incentive to read! It was extremely fun for them and rewarding. Finally, we got to book 7, and half way through we watched film 7, then finished the book and watching film 8. They loved it! The kids haven't read the books again since then but it is still a beloved set on our book shelf.

Genial 100% fiable
I am one of the newest Harry Potter fans. Yes, I know I am a little late to the party. I had never seen any of the movies or read any of the books when they came out. I finally saw the movies this year and instantly fell in love. I bought this book set as a Christmas present to myself and I haven't been able to put it down. The books are so descriptive and captivating! I would recommend these books to absolutely anyone. I was the biggest doubter of the Harry Potter fad and now that I gave it a chance I am hooked!
I bought this for my son and he loves it
They came right on time and were exactly what I expected!
it was a birthday gift for my niece she loved it thank you
When the final book in the series came out, I splurged and bought this set. They are so much easier to carry around than the giant hard-back editions. I was originally just going to replace book 1, since mine fell in the bathtub and swelled to about three times its normal size, but I'm glad I got the whole set because they look nice being all the same size on my bookshelf. (I mean, why not?)
Love love love anything Harry Potter. Absolutely my favorite.
Before ordering this box set, I hadn't read any of the Harry Potter books.  I did some research on the price of the box set of these books, and a brand new set at bookstores would have cost almost twice as much.  On Amazon, I was able to get the box set for around $45, and they even threw in free shipping. I ordered the books on a Monday night and was told they probably wouldn't arrive for about a week and a half to two weeks.  Well I was pleasantly surprised when I checked the mail on Thursday of the same week that I had ordered the books, and they had arrived!  The books were in perfect condition, with the set still being factory sealed.  I have ordered items, mostly books, from Amazon before and have always been pleased.  This order, what with the free standard shipping, fast arrival, and perfect condition of the books, has far surpassed my expectations.Now onto the actual books themselves.  I admit I was somewhat skeptical when my friends recommended this series to me. I thought I couldn't possibly be interested in reading books for 9-12 year olds, being that I am over twice as old as the recommended reading age.  Now obviously the books are a quick read for adults, but it is also one of the most well written and interesting series I've ever read.  I finished the first two books in two days.  Whenever I was not reading, I wanted to be because I was so curious about what was going to happen next.  Rowling does an excellent job of making sure the plots and their turnouts are not predictable, so it's a fun read up to the very last page.
A steal at this price! I have been dying to read the series. I am currently on the Fourth book and I cannot tear myself away from them! I was always a huge fan of the movies but these books are a hundred times better! I catch myself laughing out loud at the smart remarks from the Weasley boys all the time. The characters are beautifully written. I love how there could be so many things going on but not be too confusing! I recommend this series to anyone who loves a good read and isn't afraid to full immerse themselves into a story! Buying them in a box set was the best decision because once I finish one book, I am able to pick up the next one right away.
If you like action, romance, comedy, and good writing, look no further because this is the series that captivated millions of children, young adults, and adults across the world. This wizarding world simply enchants you into a trance that keeps you turning pages. When you're away from this book you get withdrawals and the only potion that can remedy your need is more Harry Potter. Enter into the world and become a student at hogwarts, and you'll never be the same again.

Genial 100% fiable
I am one of the newest Harry Potter fans. Yes, I know I am a little late to the party. I had never seen any of the movies or read any of the books when they came out. I finally saw the movies this year and instantly fell in love. I bought this book set as a Christmas present to myself and I haven't been able to put it down. The books are so descriptive and captivating! I would recommend these books to absolutely anyone. I was the biggest doubter of the Harry Potter fad and now that I gave it a chance I am hooked!
I bought this for my son and he loves it
They came right on time and were exactly what I expected!
it was a birthday gift for my niece she loved it thank you
When the final book in the series came out, I splurged and bought this set. They are so much easier to carry around than the giant hard-back editions. I was originally just going to replace book 1, since mine fell in the bathtub and swelled to about three times its normal size, but I'm glad I got the whole set because they look nice being all the same size on my bookshelf. (I mean, why not?)
Love love love anything Harry Potter. Absolutely my favorite.
Before ordering this box set, I hadn't read any of the Harry Potter books.  I did some research on the price of the box set of these books, and a brand new set at bookstores would have cost almost twice as much.  On Amazon, I was able to get the box set for around $45, and they even threw in free shipping. I ordered the books on a Monday night and was told they probably wouldn't arrive for about a week and a half to two weeks.  Well I was pleasantly surprised when I checked the mail on Thursday of the same week that I had ordered the books, and they had arrived!  The books were in perfect condition, with the set still being factory sealed.  I have ordered items, mostly books, from Amazon before and have always been pleased.  This order, what with the free standard shipping, fast arrival, and perfect condition of the books, has far surpassed my expectations.Now onto the actual books themselves.  I admit I was somewhat skeptical when my friends recommended this series to me. I thought I couldn't possibly be interested in reading books for 9-12 year olds, being that I am over twice as old as the recommended reading age.  Now obviously the books are a quick read for adults, but it is also one of the most well written and interesting series I've ever read.  I finished the first two books in two days.  Whenever I was not reading, I wanted to be because I was so curious about what was going to happen next.  Rowling does an excellent job of making sure the plots and their turnouts are not predictable, so it's a fun read up to the very last page.
A steal at this price! I have been dying to read the series. I am currently on the Fourth book and I cannot tear myself away from them! I was always a huge fan of the movies but these books are a hundred times better! I catch myself laughing out loud at the smart remarks from the Weasley boys all the time. The characters are beautifully written. I love how there could be so many things going on but not be too confusing! I recommend this series to anyone who loves a good read and isn't afraid to full immerse themselves into a story! Buying them in a box set was the best decision because once I finish one book, I am able to pick up the next one right away.
If you like action, romance, comedy, and good writing, look no further because this is the series that captivated millions of children, young adults, and adults across the world. This wizarding world simply enchants you into a trance that keeps you turning pages. When you're away from this book you get withdrawals and the only potion that can remedy your need is more Harry Potter. Enter into the world and become a student at hogwarts, and you'll never be the same again.

There's nothing like seeing a child's eyes light up when they open up their Christmas present to find this collection waiting for them inside. The complete JK Rowling collection delivers itself in a sturdy packaging and brings more to the storyline than the movies. A great gift for any teenage fan.
I was anxiously awaiting for the set to be released in paperback so I could own the whole series without spending the $$ on the hardcover set.The books are great as they ever were. My only issue was once you read a book, the physical copy expands. After reading all 7 it was difficult to fit them back in the box it came in without doing damage to them. That is the only reason I cannot give this product five stars.
The set look very good delivery to my home.its great:)
Great collection at a reasonable price
This box set came and looked exactly how I imagined and wanted it to. Looks pristine and holds this wonderful story nicely.Harry Potter is an epic story for all ages. If someone is hesitant on picking up a book and starting to read again (let's get real, most of us only read books when we have to and a lot of that was in school) this is definitely a good place to start and get motivated.
My Granddaughter found the set really great.
Originally read as e-books, but wanted physical books to display with my Funko Pops, nice looking box set, and decide to read again.
I loved the movies so I really wanted to read the books. I didn't want to spend a whole lot of money on them in case I couldn't "get into them". I love the books even more than the movies now! This is a great value and it was packaged very well. It was pouring rain when they dropped the box outside my house and I was so mad because I thought it had ruined my books. But they were packaged to be protected from the weather :)
Great product
Daughter loves the collection

Harry Potter Paperback Box Set (Books 1-7) i bought this set about a month and a half ago and i loved it i have read it 6 times already since i bought it. granted i have read them before but now i can read them anytime i want because i own them lol.  i feel J.K. Rowling is one of the best authors out i feel she compares with Stephen King and Stephine Meyer and James Patterson some of my all time favorite writers i am hoping now that she finished the harry potter series that maybe she will go on to write other things of that sort but if she does i will defiantly go out and by it.
I like the books. I did get them all. BUT---they are all very poorly made as far as I am concerned. The paper is very brittle and the bindings are poor. One good read through them could destroy them. When you buy a set, you expect to hold onto it or pass it on to others. I don't think these books would hold up. I am afraid of ruining the binding or ripping a page as I carefully read them. Paper could be so much better.
Bought for my daughter who likes Harry Potter and trying to encourage her to read more and play less video games.  Already through the second book and starting the third.  Amazon fulfilled the order quickly.  Good value overall to buy set rather than one by one.  Wish they were available as ebooks for Kindle or IPad, but JK Rollins doesn't permit ebooks for Harry Potter... Guess if you are a billionaire author, you can publish any way you want....
If you saw the movies and wondered about the books, have read the books but never owned them or just looking for new copies to replace the worn out copies you've read over and over then this is the set for you. The artwork on the box is as good as the covers and the books fit neatly and easily into it. You  can keep it for the collectors value or as a display piece and the books you will love to read again and again. It's a can't miss series from a truly unique visionary (J.K. Rowling) that will dazzle and amaze. Highly recommended for any one who can read regardless of age!
Loved it all! It’s all in great condition!!
The books arrived very quickly and at a reasonable price.There were a few pages that had ink smears making some of the text difficult to read but this was from the printer.
I was very pleased with this boxed set featuring all seven Harry Potter books. I had the urge to start reading the HP books for myself and see what the hype was all about. Well, I'm currently about a quarter way through Goblet of Fire (Part 4) and I'm loving it! Harry Potter is awesome! I'm so happy I ordered this boxed set because now I'm a new HP fan and enjoying every bit of it.
I got this set for my Grandson, who is 7 and an avid reader. It was delivered today and I got the best phone call from a very happy young man. I love that Amazon makes this kind of thing not only possible, but easy!His Mom was also pleased with the quality of the books and that they came in a nice presentation box.
Great deal!!!
The Harry Potter series is one of the best I've ever read.  I have read through the entire series more than 5 times, and I actually bought these to replace my original books because the originals were worn out.  I actually had pages falling out of my Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets books.  Highly recommend these books no matter your age.

Well, this is Harry Potter, so you can't go wrong. I'm originally a french speaker, and I wanted to discover these in th3e original language, so I bought them here.This set is very good in that it offers the 7 books of the best sries ever in a good format, for a very cheap price. The cover art for the first few bucks is really kid-like, but hey, the first few ones ARE kid books, after all.I was a huge fan of the french version, and the english version is just as good.You can't go wrong with Harry Potter.
If you haven't read these books already, you are far behind on the times. This is a great book series that I strongly suggest to people of just about any book reading age. Of course you have to read the books BEFORE watching the movies in order to fully appreciate them. Great buy, no need for hardback these books are wonderful!
These set of books were a great purchase. The stories are filled with humour, suspense and lots of action. The characters develop nicely in this series.I could not put it down. Even my twelve year old son read through them once and is going on a second round of reading! The price is fine for a set of seven, paperback books.
I LOVE to read; but holding thick books such as these gets very tiring.I have read 82 books in the last 4 1/2 months and all of them have been in Kindle format. I have a Kindle, android phone, and 32 GB iPod Touch and I use the Kindle apps on these last two devices. I currently have a more than a 1000 book library on my kindle, and iPod Touch, and about 200 books in my android phone.I have the first six Harry Potter movies on DVD because I love the stories, and I do not have a single Harry Potter book, and I will never buy a Harry Potter book until Ms. Rowling, and her publisher joins us in the 21st century!
I got these books and absolutely love them! As an avid fiction reader I was quite satisfied with the stories and although they are geared towards teens I found the stories just as gripping and well written as adult fiction. The whole series took me about 3 weeks to finish which is a lot considering most novels take me about a day to finish. The humor in them translates well.
How to get over with the Harry Potter book series obsessions? When you plan to read these series, make sure you have free time, lots of free time, or you don't prefer sleeping. These keep dragging you into the wizarding world and seems no way to go back to your normal muggle life anymore. Sleepless at night coz you wanna know what will happen next. Perhaps JK Rowling hexed the books. Thank you for these great books and thanks amazon for sending these box set to my country before the holidays! I hope they have book 8 for another ending version, Snape and Lily happily together. Harry Potter books are very sad, indeed! It makes me cry when see all those great characters vanished.
I bought this as a gift to a fellow harry potter fan.  The original artwork in paperback. High quality. A little hard to remove the individual books from the tight box, but not a big deal.Came in great condition. Is a great deal on a boxed set for one of the most successful fictional series of all time!
I love this set box! It has the perfect size and the letters are also of optimum size for a comfortable reading. I think it could be a great gift, altough I bought it for myself.The books are not to large, so that a kid can carry them, and not to small so that the letters are imposible to read and the lines in paragraphs are to close to each other.I also love the colors of the box and of the books.If you want to know something specific about this article just ask.(sorry about my english)
I love it so much!! i am so happy
Surprise, surprise! IT was amazing!!

Well, this is Harry Potter, so you can't go wrong. I'm originally a french speaker, and I wanted to discover these in th3e original language, so I bought them here.This set is very good in that it offers the 7 books of the best sries ever in a good format, for a very cheap price. The cover art for the first few bucks is really kid-like, but hey, the first few ones ARE kid books, after all.I was a huge fan of the french version, and the english version is just as good.You can't go wrong with Harry Potter.
If you haven't read these books already, you are far behind on the times. This is a great book series that I strongly suggest to people of just about any book reading age. Of course you have to read the books BEFORE watching the movies in order to fully appreciate them. Great buy, no need for hardback these books are wonderful!
These set of books were a great purchase. The stories are filled with humour, suspense and lots of action. The characters develop nicely in this series.I could not put it down. Even my twelve year old son read through them once and is going on a second round of reading! The price is fine for a set of seven, paperback books.
I LOVE to read; but holding thick books such as these gets very tiring.I have read 82 books in the last 4 1/2 months and all of them have been in Kindle format. I have a Kindle, android phone, and 32 GB iPod Touch and I use the Kindle apps on these last two devices. I currently have a more than a 1000 book library on my kindle, and iPod Touch, and about 200 books in my android phone.I have the first six Harry Potter movies on DVD because I love the stories, and I do not have a single Harry Potter book, and I will never buy a Harry Potter book until Ms. Rowling, and her publisher joins us in the 21st century!
I got these books and absolutely love them! As an avid fiction reader I was quite satisfied with the stories and although they are geared towards teens I found the stories just as gripping and well written as adult fiction. The whole series took me about 3 weeks to finish which is a lot considering most novels take me about a day to finish. The humor in them translates well.
How to get over with the Harry Potter book series obsessions? When you plan to read these series, make sure you have free time, lots of free time, or you don't prefer sleeping. These keep dragging you into the wizarding world and seems no way to go back to your normal muggle life anymore. Sleepless at night coz you wanna know what will happen next. Perhaps JK Rowling hexed the books. Thank you for these great books and thanks amazon for sending these box set to my country before the holidays! I hope they have book 8 for another ending version, Snape and Lily happily together. Harry Potter books are very sad, indeed! It makes me cry when see all those great characters vanished.
I bought this as a gift to a fellow harry potter fan.  The original artwork in paperback. High quality. A little hard to remove the individual books from the tight box, but not a big deal.Came in great condition. Is a great deal on a boxed set for one of the most successful fictional series of all time!
I love this set box! It has the perfect size and the letters are also of optimum size for a comfortable reading. I think it could be a great gift, altough I bought it for myself.The books are not to large, so that a kid can carry them, and not to small so that the letters are imposible to read and the lines in paragraphs are to close to each other.I also love the colors of the box and of the books.If you want to know something specific about this article just ask.(sorry about my english)
I love it so much!! i am so happy
Surprise, surprise! IT was amazing!!

Simply amazing. Dream came true
I am so excited about this product. I had been looking for the books individually and this set works out nicely. It also comes in a nice box and they all fit in perfectly. I am so elated to have this. I bought it for my 7 year old son to help him learn to love to read. It is working. He reads his books everyday. I believe this purchase exceeded my expectations. Thank you!
I've seen the Harry Potter movies before, and while I found them entertaining, they really lack the personality and sparkle that the books have.I plan to keep this collection and re-read it many times before I ultimately give it to my son.
I ordered two of these boxed sets - one so that I could re-read the books and one to give to my niece for her 11th Birthday.  The boxed sets came promptly and were in great condition.  There's not much that I can say about the Harry Potter series that hasn't already been said.  Such a wonderful and exciting journey.  J.K. Rowling has inspired me to try my own hand at writing - which is a gift that is beyond thrilling.
THE PACKAGING WAS REALLY GOOD! IT ARRIVED ABOUT 20 DAYS EARLIER THAN THE ESTIMATED ARRIVAL DATE AND WAS WELL PACKAGED IN A CONDITION THAT WOULDN'T DAMAGE THE BOOKS!THE BOOKS ARE IN AN EXCELLENT CONDITION! THEY ARE PACKAGED BRAND NEW AS WELL!A GOOD PRODUCT TO BUY FROM AMAZON! THE SHIPPING CHARGES ARE A BIT DEARER THOUGH THAN THE AVERAGE SHIPPING COST! IN AUSTRALIA, THE COMPLETE SET COMES TO ABOUT $96.00 AUD. THERE IS NO CONVERTOR ON AMAZON TO TELL YOU WHAT THE PRICE WILL BE IN AUD- IF YOU'RE IN AUSYRALIA- SO DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE AMERICAN DOLLARS, BECAUSE IT SAID $70.14, BUT IT TURNED OUT TO BE $91.00! BUT YOU KNOW WHAT, I WOULD STILL SAVE $8.00! SO THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST VALUE I HAVE SEEN! THE PACKAGING CONDITION IS NOT EXCELLENT BUT GOOD! IF YOU WANT FANCY PACKAGING, GO SPEND YOUR MONEY ON IT! YOU'RE NOT GOING TO USE THE PACKAGING, JUST THE BOOKS TO READ! SO GET A LIFE! THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST VALUED SET OF HARRY PTTER BOOKS I HAVE SEEN! WHEN I SAW THE PRICE, I WAS ABSOLUTELY STUNNED, EVEN THOUGH IT SAID 54.16 IN US DOLLARS, IT STILL CAME TO APPROXIMATELY $68.00 IN AUD!:) :) :) :) 4/5!
J K Rowling is a genius and I believe the Harry Potter series is one of the greatest fantasy series of all time and that J K Rowling is one of the great writers of not only our time but of history. I can envision in 500 years School children reading Harry potter the way todays read Shakespeare. Who said authors don't write like they used to? I'd say they write better than ever with authors like J K Rowling and Christopher Paolini!
After years of our original Harry Potters' being over-read to the point of destruction, our daughter decided she wanted a new complete set. She had barely got to chapter 2 before the pages started coming lose from the binding. I appreciate that kids can be rough on books but I assumed these would withstand at least a few years of good reading, as the previous copies we owned did.  Very disappointed with this set as it just will not last the distance in this family of avid readers. The covers are flimsy and the binding is just too inferior to cope with books with these numbers of pages. Santa made a poor choice this time!
Better late than never.  I didn't get on the Potter broomstick until all the movies had been released.  I never saw the movies but heard they were terrific.  I thought I would read the books instead.  Not the target audience (I could be Harry's granny), I became hooked after Chapter 1, Book 1.  This series can be enjoyed by all ages.  Fantastic series
All the books and the box they came in are in perfect condition! No bumps, scratches, bends or marks anywhere! I got this with the money I got from my brother for my birthday and Christmas and I have to say, I couldn't be happier! Came in a timely manner and I can't wait to get a chance to sit down and begin reading them!I never got the read them as a kid, only have seen the movies, and I could never find anyone to borrow them from, so I'm more than excited to have my own full-set and get to finally read the original written series!NOTE: I got the Paperback Box Sex, not the Hardcover.
I bought this set because I wanted to read all of the books before the 7th movie came out.  I was pleasantly surprised at what a nice package this was.  I know there have been others that have complained about the packaging but I don't agree.This is a great gift for a Harry Potter fan! I will pass this on to my kids...

Simply amazing. Dream came true
I am so excited about this product. I had been looking for the books individually and this set works out nicely. It also comes in a nice box and they all fit in perfectly. I am so elated to have this. I bought it for my 7 year old son to help him learn to love to read. It is working. He reads his books everyday. I believe this purchase exceeded my expectations. Thank you!
I've seen the Harry Potter movies before, and while I found them entertaining, they really lack the personality and sparkle that the books have.I plan to keep this collection and re-read it many times before I ultimately give it to my son.
I ordered two of these boxed sets - one so that I could re-read the books and one to give to my niece for her 11th Birthday.  The boxed sets came promptly and were in great condition.  There's not much that I can say about the Harry Potter series that hasn't already been said.  Such a wonderful and exciting journey.  J.K. Rowling has inspired me to try my own hand at writing - which is a gift that is beyond thrilling.
THE PACKAGING WAS REALLY GOOD! IT ARRIVED ABOUT 20 DAYS EARLIER THAN THE ESTIMATED ARRIVAL DATE AND WAS WELL PACKAGED IN A CONDITION THAT WOULDN'T DAMAGE THE BOOKS!THE BOOKS ARE IN AN EXCELLENT CONDITION! THEY ARE PACKAGED BRAND NEW AS WELL!A GOOD PRODUCT TO BUY FROM AMAZON! THE SHIPPING CHARGES ARE A BIT DEARER THOUGH THAN THE AVERAGE SHIPPING COST! IN AUSTRALIA, THE COMPLETE SET COMES TO ABOUT $96.00 AUD. THERE IS NO CONVERTOR ON AMAZON TO TELL YOU WHAT THE PRICE WILL BE IN AUD- IF YOU'RE IN AUSYRALIA- SO DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE AMERICAN DOLLARS, BECAUSE IT SAID $70.14, BUT IT TURNED OUT TO BE $91.00! BUT YOU KNOW WHAT, I WOULD STILL SAVE $8.00! SO THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST VALUE I HAVE SEEN! THE PACKAGING CONDITION IS NOT EXCELLENT BUT GOOD! IF YOU WANT FANCY PACKAGING, GO SPEND YOUR MONEY ON IT! YOU'RE NOT GOING TO USE THE PACKAGING, JUST THE BOOKS TO READ! SO GET A LIFE! THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST VALUED SET OF HARRY PTTER BOOKS I HAVE SEEN! WHEN I SAW THE PRICE, I WAS ABSOLUTELY STUNNED, EVEN THOUGH IT SAID 54.16 IN US DOLLARS, IT STILL CAME TO APPROXIMATELY $68.00 IN AUD!:) :) :) :) 4/5!
J K Rowling is a genius and I believe the Harry Potter series is one of the greatest fantasy series of all time and that J K Rowling is one of the great writers of not only our time but of history. I can envision in 500 years School children reading Harry potter the way todays read Shakespeare. Who said authors don't write like they used to? I'd say they write better than ever with authors like J K Rowling and Christopher Paolini!
After years of our original Harry Potters' being over-read to the point of destruction, our daughter decided she wanted a new complete set. She had barely got to chapter 2 before the pages started coming lose from the binding. I appreciate that kids can be rough on books but I assumed these would withstand at least a few years of good reading, as the previous copies we owned did.  Very disappointed with this set as it just will not last the distance in this family of avid readers. The covers are flimsy and the binding is just too inferior to cope with books with these numbers of pages. Santa made a poor choice this time!
Better late than never.  I didn't get on the Potter broomstick until all the movies had been released.  I never saw the movies but heard they were terrific.  I thought I would read the books instead.  Not the target audience (I could be Harry's granny), I became hooked after Chapter 1, Book 1.  This series can be enjoyed by all ages.  Fantastic series
All the books and the box they came in are in perfect condition! No bumps, scratches, bends or marks anywhere! I got this with the money I got from my brother for my birthday and Christmas and I have to say, I couldn't be happier! Came in a timely manner and I can't wait to get a chance to sit down and begin reading them!I never got the read them as a kid, only have seen the movies, and I could never find anyone to borrow them from, so I'm more than excited to have my own full-set and get to finally read the original written series!NOTE: I got the Paperback Box Sex, not the Hardcover.
I bought this set because I wanted to read all of the books before the 7th movie came out.  I was pleasantly surprised at what a nice package this was.  I know there have been others that have complained about the packaging but I don't agree.This is a great gift for a Harry Potter fan! I will pass this on to my kids...

Simply amazing. Dream came true
I am so excited about this product. I had been looking for the books individually and this set works out nicely. It also comes in a nice box and they all fit in perfectly. I am so elated to have this. I bought it for my 7 year old son to help him learn to love to read. It is working. He reads his books everyday. I believe this purchase exceeded my expectations. Thank you!
I've seen the Harry Potter movies before, and while I found them entertaining, they really lack the personality and sparkle that the books have.I plan to keep this collection and re-read it many times before I ultimately give it to my son.
I ordered two of these boxed sets - one so that I could re-read the books and one to give to my niece for her 11th Birthday.  The boxed sets came promptly and were in great condition.  There's not much that I can say about the Harry Potter series that hasn't already been said.  Such a wonderful and exciting journey.  J.K. Rowling has inspired me to try my own hand at writing - which is a gift that is beyond thrilling.
THE PACKAGING WAS REALLY GOOD! IT ARRIVED ABOUT 20 DAYS EARLIER THAN THE ESTIMATED ARRIVAL DATE AND WAS WELL PACKAGED IN A CONDITION THAT WOULDN'T DAMAGE THE BOOKS!THE BOOKS ARE IN AN EXCELLENT CONDITION! THEY ARE PACKAGED BRAND NEW AS WELL!A GOOD PRODUCT TO BUY FROM AMAZON! THE SHIPPING CHARGES ARE A BIT DEARER THOUGH THAN THE AVERAGE SHIPPING COST! IN AUSTRALIA, THE COMPLETE SET COMES TO ABOUT $96.00 AUD. THERE IS NO CONVERTOR ON AMAZON TO TELL YOU WHAT THE PRICE WILL BE IN AUD- IF YOU'RE IN AUSYRALIA- SO DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE AMERICAN DOLLARS, BECAUSE IT SAID $70.14, BUT IT TURNED OUT TO BE $91.00! BUT YOU KNOW WHAT, I WOULD STILL SAVE $8.00! SO THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST VALUE I HAVE SEEN! THE PACKAGING CONDITION IS NOT EXCELLENT BUT GOOD! IF YOU WANT FANCY PACKAGING, GO SPEND YOUR MONEY ON IT! YOU'RE NOT GOING TO USE THE PACKAGING, JUST THE BOOKS TO READ! SO GET A LIFE! THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST VALUED SET OF HARRY PTTER BOOKS I HAVE SEEN! WHEN I SAW THE PRICE, I WAS ABSOLUTELY STUNNED, EVEN THOUGH IT SAID 54.16 IN US DOLLARS, IT STILL CAME TO APPROXIMATELY $68.00 IN AUD!:) :) :) :) 4/5!
J K Rowling is a genius and I believe the Harry Potter series is one of the greatest fantasy series of all time and that J K Rowling is one of the great writers of not only our time but of history. I can envision in 500 years School children reading Harry potter the way todays read Shakespeare. Who said authors don't write like they used to? I'd say they write better than ever with authors like J K Rowling and Christopher Paolini!
After years of our original Harry Potters' being over-read to the point of destruction, our daughter decided she wanted a new complete set. She had barely got to chapter 2 before the pages started coming lose from the binding. I appreciate that kids can be rough on books but I assumed these would withstand at least a few years of good reading, as the previous copies we owned did.  Very disappointed with this set as it just will not last the distance in this family of avid readers. The covers are flimsy and the binding is just too inferior to cope with books with these numbers of pages. Santa made a poor choice this time!
Better late than never.  I didn't get on the Potter broomstick until all the movies had been released.  I never saw the movies but heard they were terrific.  I thought I would read the books instead.  Not the target audience (I could be Harry's granny), I became hooked after Chapter 1, Book 1.  This series can be enjoyed by all ages.  Fantastic series
All the books and the box they came in are in perfect condition! No bumps, scratches, bends or marks anywhere! I got this with the money I got from my brother for my birthday and Christmas and I have to say, I couldn't be happier! Came in a timely manner and I can't wait to get a chance to sit down and begin reading them!I never got the read them as a kid, only have seen the movies, and I could never find anyone to borrow them from, so I'm more than excited to have my own full-set and get to finally read the original written series!NOTE: I got the Paperback Box Sex, not the Hardcover.
I bought this set because I wanted to read all of the books before the 7th movie came out.  I was pleasantly surprised at what a nice package this was.  I know there have been others that have complained about the packaging but I don't agree.This is a great gift for a Harry Potter fan! I will pass this on to my kids...

Having seen the movies decided to see which was better the books or movies. Still can't decide.  Both are very exciting and but I am still reading the series and I am enjoying them both.  The movies are over but I can still see the books.  Special effects of the mind are sometimes better than on the silver scene.Let your mind do the work.
My grandchildren love these DVDs and they make for great family viewing and discussions.  What's more important than encouraging families to do things together and also to create a desire in children to read and use their imaginations?
Bought this because my kid is reading the series and our local library runs out.  I now regret that I didn't go the extra mile and get the hardcover version.  This paperback cover is easily damaged.  Also the books are thick, so it bends when opened in the middle for a long time.  Oh well, at least it is reasonably priced.
words are so dang small, both of my kids complain. Makes me sad. I truly wanted them to read them, but truly words are too small for me too even with my reading glasses. I hate that. Wish I would have had someone point that out to me in the reviews.
My daughter and I shared an interest in the Harry Potter books and movies as she was growing up.When she moved out she realized that she didn't have a set of her own (she wanted to leave the family set with me!)She was very excited to receive this beautifully designed matching set of books.The box also serves as a small book shelf.
This is an affordable, beautiful box set!  I'm very happy with the set itself, & of course the books are incredible.  I received the package in brand new condition very quickly, no problems whatsoever.
The quality of the books are amazing.I've watched the movies and is in love with the entire film..I've read the books already,but decided to get the set for my own :).So,I've decided to buy the collection and read em all over again and leave em for my newborn when he's older :)
Reading it to my GF for her birthday.
My mom originally purchased me all of the Harry Potter books, most of them in hardcover. Unfortunately, over the years I ended up losing them. With my mom's recent passing this past July I got very nostalgic about nights spent listening to her read me the books while I fell asleep, then I ended up getting a gift card for Amazon for Christmas and there was a sale going on for the full set, add that to my Prime membership and I just had to buy the set. Very, very happy with my purchase and can't wait to finish reading them all over again.
Bought this set for my grandson and we will read it together over the next several months. I am really pleasde with the volumes in their neat case. Looking forward to this experience with my grandson. (I've red them all myself and found them delightful, entertaining and, even, educational.) I highly recommended this product.

Having seen the movies decided to see which was better the books or movies. Still can't decide.  Both are very exciting and but I am still reading the series and I am enjoying them both.  The movies are over but I can still see the books.  Special effects of the mind are sometimes better than on the silver scene.Let your mind do the work.
My grandchildren love these DVDs and they make for great family viewing and discussions.  What's more important than encouraging families to do things together and also to create a desire in children to read and use their imaginations?
Bought this because my kid is reading the series and our local library runs out.  I now regret that I didn't go the extra mile and get the hardcover version.  This paperback cover is easily damaged.  Also the books are thick, so it bends when opened in the middle for a long time.  Oh well, at least it is reasonably priced.
words are so dang small, both of my kids complain. Makes me sad. I truly wanted them to read them, but truly words are too small for me too even with my reading glasses. I hate that. Wish I would have had someone point that out to me in the reviews.
My daughter and I shared an interest in the Harry Potter books and movies as she was growing up.When she moved out she realized that she didn't have a set of her own (she wanted to leave the family set with me!)She was very excited to receive this beautifully designed matching set of books.The box also serves as a small book shelf.
This is an affordable, beautiful box set!  I'm very happy with the set itself, & of course the books are incredible.  I received the package in brand new condition very quickly, no problems whatsoever.
The quality of the books are amazing.I've watched the movies and is in love with the entire film..I've read the books already,but decided to get the set for my own :).So,I've decided to buy the collection and read em all over again and leave em for my newborn when he's older :)
Reading it to my GF for her birthday.
My mom originally purchased me all of the Harry Potter books, most of them in hardcover. Unfortunately, over the years I ended up losing them. With my mom's recent passing this past July I got very nostalgic about nights spent listening to her read me the books while I fell asleep, then I ended up getting a gift card for Amazon for Christmas and there was a sale going on for the full set, add that to my Prime membership and I just had to buy the set. Very, very happy with my purchase and can't wait to finish reading them all over again.
Bought this set for my grandson and we will read it together over the next several months. I am really pleasde with the volumes in their neat case. Looking forward to this experience with my grandson. (I've red them all myself and found them delightful, entertaining and, even, educational.) I highly recommended this product.

Bought as a gift for my 9 year old, who is developing a bit of an interest in magic. She absolutely loves the books. The big 'ol box of books is great. I think my only complaints might be that the gold letting on the books comes off pretty easily, and a couple of the pages have what appear to be print smudges, making a few lines rather difficult to read.
My daughter is 10 and she loves these books. She signs them out every week at the library so I thought she should have her own set since they are so heavy to drag around! She loved them. It comes in a sturdy box set and sits great on a shelf. These are great, interesting, and fun books for kids to read
The box itself was pretty lackluster and unappealing - but I had no intentions of keeping the box. The books are amazing. As far as paperbacks go they are sturdy and handle being read and worn in very well. The text is clear and big, the pages sturdy. I love this series so very much!
This is a wonderful series for kids to learn about growing up and about the struggle we all face in our choices and battles with good and evil.  JK Rowling deserves everything she has received and more for the love she has brought into this world through these books.  A timeless contribution for us all.
Like I said it is Harry Potter. ;) I absolutely LOVE Harry Potter (well, technically Severus Snape, but that is far from the point). I was thrilled to finally get the entire series. It arrived in beautiful condition. I love the packaging. I can not wait to read them again and again.
I purchased the boxed set as a surprise gift for my wife. The price was great for a new set versus a bookstore. They arrived on time and in perfect condition.
The first Harry Potter Book was released when I was in high-school, I saw all movies and really without read the books, so I've decided to do it after 14 years of being published by 2 reasons, to read ones of the best seller books, and for English practicing. I really love the book story, better than movies.
I received this box set in a timely manner. The shipping was free and the set was in perfect condition. I have enjoyed it! Good price compared to stores too.
I bought this set for my kids. My daughter, 12, loves reading them. After reading she sought HP movies to watch. The books are a little bit challenging for my 9 year-old child, but I am sure he will enjoy them in the future. The set is held in a box with an excellent price.
Great price however some of the larger books (the last 4) have loose pages if you open the book too far, such as with a child reader. So be careful not to loose some pages! The binding on these books are minimal at best but for the price, you get what you paid for.....

There are not enough good things to say about Harry Potter books.  My 7-year-old grand daughter read all of them!  They have been a great enticement for her to read! Her father is reading them separately but at the same time.  After each book, they watch the movie and talk about how they differ.  This was her favorite Christmas gift!
It came on time, undamaged, and was what I had ordered. Not much more you can ask for than that when ordering things online. Plus I absolutely love these books.
These were really nice and stuff! It was great to finally have the full set series of these and they weren't a bad price, (as oppose to like the $100+ hardbacks). They are paperback, so you have to be cautious since they crease easily, but other than that it's really the words inside that count, and if your a Harry Potter fan, you love it! The quality was good, fresh look for a book, and I love the box :)
It was the as I had expected. The print is large enough for a 6-7 year old to start reading. The books are the right size and weight to be read in bed too. The first three books are very good set to get young ones started on reading practice and hold their interest and attention.  The next 4 are probably best read at grade 3 and above.
This is my absolute favorite book series ever! I've read it many times, but always borrowed from a friend or the library, and figured it was high time I actually own them myself. Definitely worth reading if you never have, and it does not matter how old you are! They're not just for kids or young adults, people much older, like myself, love them too!
Rowling certainly has a gift for writing. An enjoyable read, well structured with just the right amount of detail and action to keep the story flowing and the reader entertained. Bravo!
Of course the books are great as far as the story. However this was a gift for my child and the pages has some issues such as very faded ink on a couple of pages, marks etc. If I had bought it at a local bookstore for that price I would have returned it for another set. Very upsetting for a child who collects books and takes very good care of them.
I just got my box set, and am pretty happy with it. I read many of the reviews here, and a lot of them really put this product down, but i don't think it's so bad. Its very good actually for its price. If you are really looking for a collectors edition...well, dont expect it to cost you only 86$! most of the collectors editions are 100$+ the books are good quality, pages arent falling out haha! this is the kind of box you would buy for your children. but, like i said, for the price, its really good :)
I finally got around to reading the Harry Potter series, have all the films and have watched them numerous times...however the books fill in all the gaps and bring the story to life.  I am glad that I saw the films first as it gave visual to the characters in the story.
Excellent story telling, good for children and adults alike.  The story's complexity and character development grow continously from one book to the next.  I've read it twice so far, and will read it again.  The best series since Lord of the Rings.

There are not enough good things to say about Harry Potter books.  My 7-year-old grand daughter read all of them!  They have been a great enticement for her to read! Her father is reading them separately but at the same time.  After each book, they watch the movie and talk about how they differ.  This was her favorite Christmas gift!
It came on time, undamaged, and was what I had ordered. Not much more you can ask for than that when ordering things online. Plus I absolutely love these books.
These were really nice and stuff! It was great to finally have the full set series of these and they weren't a bad price, (as oppose to like the $100+ hardbacks). They are paperback, so you have to be cautious since they crease easily, but other than that it's really the words inside that count, and if your a Harry Potter fan, you love it! The quality was good, fresh look for a book, and I love the box :)
It was the as I had expected. The print is large enough for a 6-7 year old to start reading. The books are the right size and weight to be read in bed too. The first three books are very good set to get young ones started on reading practice and hold their interest and attention.  The next 4 are probably best read at grade 3 and above.
This is my absolute favorite book series ever! I've read it many times, but always borrowed from a friend or the library, and figured it was high time I actually own them myself. Definitely worth reading if you never have, and it does not matter how old you are! They're not just for kids or young adults, people much older, like myself, love them too!
Rowling certainly has a gift for writing. An enjoyable read, well structured with just the right amount of detail and action to keep the story flowing and the reader entertained. Bravo!
Of course the books are great as far as the story. However this was a gift for my child and the pages has some issues such as very faded ink on a couple of pages, marks etc. If I had bought it at a local bookstore for that price I would have returned it for another set. Very upsetting for a child who collects books and takes very good care of them.
I just got my box set, and am pretty happy with it. I read many of the reviews here, and a lot of them really put this product down, but i don't think it's so bad. Its very good actually for its price. If you are really looking for a collectors edition...well, dont expect it to cost you only 86$! most of the collectors editions are 100$+ the books are good quality, pages arent falling out haha! this is the kind of box you would buy for your children. but, like i said, for the price, its really good :)
I finally got around to reading the Harry Potter series, have all the films and have watched them numerous times...however the books fill in all the gaps and bring the story to life.  I am glad that I saw the films first as it gave visual to the characters in the story.
Excellent story telling, good for children and adults alike.  The story's complexity and character development grow continously from one book to the next.  I've read it twice so far, and will read it again.  The best series since Lord of the Rings.

This set of Harry Potter books is reasonably priced, probably the best deal you will find.  I priced them out everywhere and found Amazon to be the best priced.  I bought this set to have for my 'future' kids.
I bought this in Amazon few weeks ago, all because i've seen the movie and yet i've never got the chance to actually read it. So, this whole set is AWASOME. I'm now halfway through reading it and so far, i've got no complains about it. I am not really a Harry Potter fan, just wanted to get to know the story more. This set works perfectly good for me!
Perfect and super fast shipping!!
This was a gift for my 14 year old grandson and he loves the books.  The shipment came fast and we were all happy with the product.  Great value for the money.
I am so glad I got them, I never read the books but I was in love with the movies but couldn't get off my mind like I can't be a true fan if I dont read these and finally got the box set because I probably couldn't handle only getting one at a time. Great quality I wish I could have had enough money for hardback books because I hate when the spine creases and tried my best not to crease it
this set of books was a wonderful addiction to my collection.  I had moved and lost a number of my books, wanting them all so that they maybe read in order this collection is perfect.
I bought this set as a gift for someone who is a very good friend & loves Harry Potter. She loves paperback books as she rides the bus a lot & paperbacks are much easier to carry & handle than hardcover books are - she's not yet made the jump to "Kindles" yet... :-)
I bought this set for my 10 year old nephew for Christmas.  He was so happy with it. It is nice that the whole set fits compactly in the cardboard case, since these books increased in size as they went on.  Great for a grade school aged kid, so that they don't have to carry around a heavy hard-cover book.  The set was also cheaper than buying each one individually. It shipped very fast, no problems.
Purchased this as a Christmas present for a friend.  Its a really nice complete set that comes with a decorated case to protect them.  I like it so much I may have to purchase my own.  Its well worth the cost to have one nice consolidated set.  I prefer the paperback because they are easier to tote and read, and again the storage case will provide them with protection to keep them like new when you are not using them.
I initially purchased this series as they were written. I read each book twice and saw all the movies. Thinking I would never desire to read this series again, I gave them away to a younger audience. Changed my mind. I purchased this series again and find I am just as thrilled as the first time I began to read.

This set of Harry Potter books is reasonably priced, probably the best deal you will find.  I priced them out everywhere and found Amazon to be the best priced.  I bought this set to have for my 'future' kids.
I bought this in Amazon few weeks ago, all because i've seen the movie and yet i've never got the chance to actually read it. So, this whole set is AWASOME. I'm now halfway through reading it and so far, i've got no complains about it. I am not really a Harry Potter fan, just wanted to get to know the story more. This set works perfectly good for me!
Perfect and super fast shipping!!
This was a gift for my 14 year old grandson and he loves the books.  The shipment came fast and we were all happy with the product.  Great value for the money.
I am so glad I got them, I never read the books but I was in love with the movies but couldn't get off my mind like I can't be a true fan if I dont read these and finally got the box set because I probably couldn't handle only getting one at a time. Great quality I wish I could have had enough money for hardback books because I hate when the spine creases and tried my best not to crease it
this set of books was a wonderful addiction to my collection.  I had moved and lost a number of my books, wanting them all so that they maybe read in order this collection is perfect.
I bought this set as a gift for someone who is a very good friend & loves Harry Potter. She loves paperback books as she rides the bus a lot & paperbacks are much easier to carry & handle than hardcover books are - she's not yet made the jump to "Kindles" yet... :-)
I bought this set for my 10 year old nephew for Christmas.  He was so happy with it. It is nice that the whole set fits compactly in the cardboard case, since these books increased in size as they went on.  Great for a grade school aged kid, so that they don't have to carry around a heavy hard-cover book.  The set was also cheaper than buying each one individually. It shipped very fast, no problems.
Purchased this as a Christmas present for a friend.  Its a really nice complete set that comes with a decorated case to protect them.  I like it so much I may have to purchase my own.  Its well worth the cost to have one nice consolidated set.  I prefer the paperback because they are easier to tote and read, and again the storage case will provide them with protection to keep them like new when you are not using them.
I initially purchased this series as they were written. I read each book twice and saw all the movies. Thinking I would never desire to read this series again, I gave them away to a younger audience. Changed my mind. I purchased this series again and find I am just as thrilled as the first time I began to read.

It was exactly what i asked for... and it arrived 2 weeks before the expected... something that i would like to ask is that for overseas costumers (like my case) the shipping costs are too high... it would be great if amazon.com figures out a way to reduce them a little because there is heaps of people willing to buy stuff from your web page but sometimes the shipping costs just make things unaffordable...ANYWAY.... the specific product (harry potter collection books) is great!
My 10 yr. old granddaughter requested these for Christmas.  She was quite excited to get them and so is her mom who can't wait to read them.  Excellent transaction.  The books were packaged nicely and arrived in plenty of time for the holidays.
Great boxed set, I have read the whole series however they were my children's set and I wanted a set of my own. Great price on Amazon.
Well, my boy started reading Harry Potter at school. Many kids still want to read so I decided to get this set for my boy so he can read from Year 1. We are not a collector so this set works for us.
The binding and case of these 7 volumes are very good quality and the books would survive many readings and handlings.  Since the books regularly refer back to events and people in previous volumes, it's worth it to have all seven volumes.
An excellent way to give your Harry Potter fan the whole reading experience.This was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she was so exited when she opened these up to find all of her Harry Potter books in one collection.This is a very well put together set that will give many hours of great reading and be something that anyone could treasure for years to come.
Was gift for my daughter for christmas. She loved it. The boxed set was in excellent condition as were the books
A lot of reviews on here complain about the cardboard box, but I didn't buy this set expecting it to be a super nice collector's item; I bought it to get the entire series in one shot and in their less-hefty paperback form. And they are fantastic! All 7 Harry Potter books plus a box to store them in for $50 is a fantastic deal, and I highly recommend, unless you are looking for a collector's set.
Even if you are not a kid these books are a good read.  JKR's imagination in developing these stories is inspired.  The whole saga together here is a good investment in a classic series bound to stand the test of time.
The books arrived quickly in great condition. My children, ages 6 and 8, are enjoying them immensely as we read them together as a family. That alone is worth the cost. As an adult, I find the stories entertaining but not nearly to the extent I would have expected after all the publicity around the series.

It was exactly what i asked for... and it arrived 2 weeks before the expected... something that i would like to ask is that for overseas costumers (like my case) the shipping costs are too high... it would be great if amazon.com figures out a way to reduce them a little because there is heaps of people willing to buy stuff from your web page but sometimes the shipping costs just make things unaffordable...ANYWAY.... the specific product (harry potter collection books) is great!
My 10 yr. old granddaughter requested these for Christmas.  She was quite excited to get them and so is her mom who can't wait to read them.  Excellent transaction.  The books were packaged nicely and arrived in plenty of time for the holidays.
Great boxed set, I have read the whole series however they were my children's set and I wanted a set of my own. Great price on Amazon.
Well, my boy started reading Harry Potter at school. Many kids still want to read so I decided to get this set for my boy so he can read from Year 1. We are not a collector so this set works for us.
The binding and case of these 7 volumes are very good quality and the books would survive many readings and handlings.  Since the books regularly refer back to events and people in previous volumes, it's worth it to have all seven volumes.
An excellent way to give your Harry Potter fan the whole reading experience.This was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she was so exited when she opened these up to find all of her Harry Potter books in one collection.This is a very well put together set that will give many hours of great reading and be something that anyone could treasure for years to come.
Was gift for my daughter for christmas. She loved it. The boxed set was in excellent condition as were the books
A lot of reviews on here complain about the cardboard box, but I didn't buy this set expecting it to be a super nice collector's item; I bought it to get the entire series in one shot and in their less-hefty paperback form. And they are fantastic! All 7 Harry Potter books plus a box to store them in for $50 is a fantastic deal, and I highly recommend, unless you are looking for a collector's set.
Even if you are not a kid these books are a good read.  JKR's imagination in developing these stories is inspired.  The whole saga together here is a good investment in a classic series bound to stand the test of time.
The books arrived quickly in great condition. My children, ages 6 and 8, are enjoying them immensely as we read them together as a family. That alone is worth the cost. As an adult, I find the stories entertaining but not nearly to the extent I would have expected after all the publicity around the series.

Purchased this box set for our daughter for Christmas as she loves Harry Potter. We already owned the first 4 books but she really wanted the entire set. It was a better value to buy the box set rather than each of the final books in the series separately. Nice quality books.
I mean, it's Harry Potter, how much is there to say?Being the last person on Earth to read them, I did not have the child perspective that most had when enjoying the books.Because of that, it certainly got to a point when I was dragging along and reading just to get the series over with.
Recently I received my Harry Potter Paperback Box Set, and I have to say that it's awesome.  I searched for them in my home town, I'm from Guatemala, and they don't sell it, so my box set it's pretty much unique in here.  The box has great pictures and also the books, about the story I can't made to much comments because I'm still reading but I saw all the movies and the books are even better.
I purchased this set for my granddaughter who had started reading them for school book reports.  I had given a set to one of my grandsons, so had promised her I would get her a set also.  She was so delighted that she phoned me as soon as they were delivered to her home.  She has finished 4 of them already.
This box set is a very nice set if you don't want to splurge on the hard cover set. The box is sturdy and the book covers are very colorful. I bought this set for my two children to share and I'm sure it will last for many years.
Reading the series out  loud to my kids. We're on book 3. Good stuff. But you know. Quality box, quality books. Well packed.
This set allowed me to read all the books in order at my own pace. I had started reading this story using the library, but when I went to get the next book it was never in. This purchase fixed that problem.
This was a Christmas present for my 14-year old stepson. He loved them!!!! Read all of the series within a month. The paperpatk version is an affordable way to gift someone the entire Harry Potter book set. I received this item within 2 days of purchasing - thank you Prime!!!
All reviews on here are mixed together.  The hard cover box set is in a crappy cardboard box, but the soft backs are packed real well... the books are awsome that goes without saying.
bought these as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. It makes a pretty-looking set as a gift, arrived safely, nothing bent...perfect. She will  love them as I did. She has a Kindle, but some books you just have to "HAVE", and Harry Potter series is a prime example.

Came in very fast with Amazon's same day shipping. For the price, it is a heck of a deal. The only issue I found was that book 7 had a small tear at the top of the binding, but that could be just me being nit picky. Over all its a great buy. I would highly recommend for anyone who is looking for the Harry Potter set!
The paper is not great, but the covers are sturdier than I expected. I was not looking for archival/heirloom quality, but something that didn't fall apart halfway through the first reading. These seem to be very good quality for the price, and well packaged.
Great box set of all the Harry Potter books.  The price is excellent and the quality is very good.  The books are paperback but are very sturdy, made with good quality material.  Love that they all fit into a very nicely constructed box.  Excellent buy, great value!
Love these books. Ordered the paperback set for my children. However the cardboard bookcase that the books arrived in was badly damaged. As was the spine of two of the books. This is the first time something I ordered from Amazon arrived damaged. Thus the low rating.
Happy to finally have these in a boxed set! I am reading these with my kids to introduce them to the magic of Harry Potter, and they are loving them. The paperbacks are fine and sturdy enough with care. The box is a sturdy cardboard with the cool illustration as shown.
Beautiful set, packaged nicely. If you love the classic artwork of Harry Potter this is the one to get. If you get it on sale the price for all seven hardbacks is excellent. They are in a cardboard Hogwarts chest but the cardboard is durable and very nicely put together.
If you haven't read any of these books... what is wrong with you!! THESE BOOKS ARE AMASING!!!!! You will fall I. Love with th characters! You will cry!! The book set is great the pages are a little thin but it doesn't really matter because you get the full experience for a great value!!
What more is there to say? Loved this series as an elementary school student and still read during my now graduate studies. This set was for my sister who now cherishes them since I wouldn't lend my copy to her (she is prone to spills and food dribbles on her books!)
I enjoyed these books very much. I loved the font size and that the books are light. I enjoyed the movies but I enjoyed the books more. Well-written and existing.
I bought this last month, and it arrived in Brazil in a great condition and faster than I thought. I didn't pay any importation taxes, and this was great. The books are beautiful and very different compared to the Brazilian version. Though the pages and the covers seem to be fragile, I think it will last all my life if I take care of them. Anyway, I recommend this box to all the fans, in special brazilian fans, that want to have the Harry Potter books in English! Thanks Amazon!!!

Purchased for my 10 year old son for Christmas in 2015, he was able to read all 7 books within a 5 months. He LOVED them and now LOVES all things Harry Potter.The books are paperbacks and come in a storage box, which makes keeping them all together easy.
I bought this book set for my 7 year old daughter and she blew threw one every couple of days. Of course there were some words that she needed help with, but she still loved them. We watched the movies afterwards and it made her want to go back and re-read the books.
It is always nice to have all 7 books in once place.  With this collection and handy dandy box to keep them together, you won't ever lose them.  I enjoyed this package very much!
I purchased this set as a Christmas gift. My husband expressed interest in reading the Harry Potter series but purchasing the books separately, especially in hard cover, was more than I wanted to spend on this particular gift. The product arrived in great shape and was easy to wrap as a single gift. So glad I found this deal!
I wanted to re-read the series and did not want to pay the $95 from the bookstore. Once I received the box set, I was impressed with the packaging and how the box set looked exactly like it did I'm the bookstore. Only $30 cheaper. I will definitely purchase from Amazon again.
I have now purchased three sets of Harry Potter books and have two more on the horizon.  One for me, of course, but the others to give to young readers I know.  They arrive well boxed and as promised.
Great paper-back book set.  Some of the pages in the books are bent over, I think from being made and put into the box.  This doesn't bother me at all, but something to be aware of.
Excellent value.  This is not a special edition collectors set or anything, it's just all 7 books packed together in a sturdy cardboard box.  I think $56 for the entire book series is a great deal.
I was so happy to find this set! It's a great deal for all 7 books! I also love the cute little box it comes in. Very happy with my purchase.
Nice set, all the books, well worth the price. Not sure what else to say but if you want all the books and are OK with paperback this is a much better way to purchase the set than individually. HP rules!

Purchased for my 10 year old son for Christmas in 2015, he was able to read all 7 books within a 5 months. He LOVED them and now LOVES all things Harry Potter.The books are paperbacks and come in a storage box, which makes keeping them all together easy.
I bought this book set for my 7 year old daughter and she blew threw one every couple of days. Of course there were some words that she needed help with, but she still loved them. We watched the movies afterwards and it made her want to go back and re-read the books.
It is always nice to have all 7 books in once place.  With this collection and handy dandy box to keep them together, you won't ever lose them.  I enjoyed this package very much!
I purchased this set as a Christmas gift. My husband expressed interest in reading the Harry Potter series but purchasing the books separately, especially in hard cover, was more than I wanted to spend on this particular gift. The product arrived in great shape and was easy to wrap as a single gift. So glad I found this deal!
I wanted to re-read the series and did not want to pay the $95 from the bookstore. Once I received the box set, I was impressed with the packaging and how the box set looked exactly like it did I'm the bookstore. Only $30 cheaper. I will definitely purchase from Amazon again.
I have now purchased three sets of Harry Potter books and have two more on the horizon.  One for me, of course, but the others to give to young readers I know.  They arrive well boxed and as promised.
Great paper-back book set.  Some of the pages in the books are bent over, I think from being made and put into the box.  This doesn't bother me at all, but something to be aware of.
Excellent value.  This is not a special edition collectors set or anything, it's just all 7 books packed together in a sturdy cardboard box.  I think $56 for the entire book series is a great deal.
I was so happy to find this set! It's a great deal for all 7 books! I also love the cute little box it comes in. Very happy with my purchase.
Nice set, all the books, well worth the price. Not sure what else to say but if you want all the books and are OK with paperback this is a much better way to purchase the set than individually. HP rules!

Purchased for my 10 year old son for Christmas in 2015, he was able to read all 7 books within a 5 months. He LOVED them and now LOVES all things Harry Potter.The books are paperbacks and come in a storage box, which makes keeping them all together easy.
I bought this book set for my 7 year old daughter and she blew threw one every couple of days. Of course there were some words that she needed help with, but she still loved them. We watched the movies afterwards and it made her want to go back and re-read the books.
It is always nice to have all 7 books in once place.  With this collection and handy dandy box to keep them together, you won't ever lose them.  I enjoyed this package very much!
I purchased this set as a Christmas gift. My husband expressed interest in reading the Harry Potter series but purchasing the books separately, especially in hard cover, was more than I wanted to spend on this particular gift. The product arrived in great shape and was easy to wrap as a single gift. So glad I found this deal!
I wanted to re-read the series and did not want to pay the $95 from the bookstore. Once I received the box set, I was impressed with the packaging and how the box set looked exactly like it did I'm the bookstore. Only $30 cheaper. I will definitely purchase from Amazon again.
I have now purchased three sets of Harry Potter books and have two more on the horizon.  One for me, of course, but the others to give to young readers I know.  They arrive well boxed and as promised.
Great paper-back book set.  Some of the pages in the books are bent over, I think from being made and put into the box.  This doesn't bother me at all, but something to be aware of.
Excellent value.  This is not a special edition collectors set or anything, it's just all 7 books packed together in a sturdy cardboard box.  I think $56 for the entire book series is a great deal.
I was so happy to find this set! It's a great deal for all 7 books! I also love the cute little box it comes in. Very happy with my purchase.
Nice set, all the books, well worth the price. Not sure what else to say but if you want all the books and are OK with paperback this is a much better way to purchase the set than individually. HP rules!

I think these books are excellent, whether you are 6 years or 60 years old.. The story lines are very good the books are easy too read.The packing was very well done. Shipment came faster than expected. I have already read all in the set and there was a lot more information in the books than I expected. A must get for anybody who likes fantasy!!!!!!!!!
For everybody complaining of the case the books presented in.  What did you expect for the price.  You are getting 7 books for $50.  comes out to $7.14 per book.  For that price you cant expect any different kind of case.  There are other  Harry Potter book sets that cost more, which come with special book covers and a different case.  But as I stated, they are more money.  That is the "Special Collectors Edition".  Not this one.This set is what I expected and what I payed for.  Its is basically just a reduced price for all 7 books.
I ordered the complete book set and the full DVD collection together. Both received in brand new condition. Classic childhood memories that I still enjoy even as an adult. Would recommend to every HP fan and to those who have never read or seen before!
Its Harry Potter how can you not love it? also loved this price compared to others, it was even cheaper than the Ebook edition which is rare. I also love the little box the books are in, it makes it easier to store and prevent the books from getting damaged.
I purchased this as a gift for my daughter's 22nd birthday. She was very happy with the set. The product arrived quickly and was a reasonable price. Would recommend this seller to others.
These books are some of my all time favorites! I just ordered this set cause it's been a couple years since I read any of them and I am so excited to dive back into Hogwarts and see all my old friends and re-live all the magic. The Harry Potter series was the first book series I read to completion and to be completely honest, as much as I love reading, there are few books I pick up very many times after reading for the first time. This series is the exception. In fact, I may even go as far as saying that it just gets better with every read. Thank god for two day shipping!
I bought this set for my 8 year-old grandson and he loved it. He already read the 1st book and is now a big Harry Potter fan.  I believe in encouraging reading in kids so I try to find interesting books for my grandchildren.  This was a perfect choice.
Love the books, so I had to buy this all together case. It's sturdy and the books are in great quality. Couldn't be happier to have the set again, first time in years after some got lost or misplaced. Definitely a good deal as well, the cheapest I have found. Worth it for sure!
This is a great series of books.  O have read them over a few times.  I enjoy it every time.  The box set is perfect for any fan of the books.  The artwork on the books and the box is very well done.  It is one of my favorite impressions of the story.
I couldn't help but laugh when I saw others complaining about the box. I didn't buy the set for a show case box, I wanted the books to read, and they are sold at a really good price here. They definitely serve that purpose. Love Harry Potter!

When I'd stumbled upon this nice complete set of the 7-book Harry Potter series a couple of Christmases ago, I called our daughter-in-law to see if she thought our oldest grandson (who was 7-3/4 at the time) might enjoy this as one of his Christmas gifts - she said she knew he'd seen one of the DVDs (wasn't sure which one) and really enjoyed it... DVDs aren't the same as books though, and our grandson loves to read.  I probably would've preferred hard cover copies, but you couldn't beat the price for this nice box set of paperbacks.  Less than $7.50/book to introduce our grandson to this amazing series?  SOLD!!!  I hadn't had my old head in the sand those past 15 years, which would just about have to be the case not to have heard of extremely talented author J. K. Rowling and the wonderful fantasy book series she spent a decade - 1997-2007 - creating, the eight movies stemming from the series that were released between 2001-2011 (the final book made for a "2-parter" in 2010 and 2011), young wizard Harry and his friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger (all students at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardy), and his endeavors to defeat the evil wizard Lord Voldemort!Since this listing's info section gives you a list of the included books and good general info, I thought the best I could add is some grandmotherly advice... whether it's Harry Potter or any of the other terrific children's book series that are out there, do what you can to get that first book into their hands!  Even if you need one of the DVDs to spark their interest, introducing your youngster to a well-written book series is one of the best decisions you'll ever make!  I recall fondly a Christmas when I myself was 8... I wanted Barbie and Ken dolls, and had my fingers crossed for the Barbie Dream House (wasn't even particular about whether it was one of the older cardboard models, or one of the new fandangled plastic ones!)  I ended up with Skipper (Barbie was a bit too well-endowed for my father's liking), some pajamas and a copy of Louisa May Alcott's "Little Women".  A book?  Who wants a book when you could've had a Dream House?  In protest, I didn't touch it until my younger sibs and I were punished one day the following summer by being sent to our rooms for the afternoon so my frazzled mother could have some peace.  Opened the book, and suffice it to say that it was hard to pull me away from it when the family dinner hour arrived!  Must've re-read it three or four times that summer, it was followed by Ms. Alcott's "Little Men" and "Jo's Boys", and by Christmas, the top of my wish list simply read, "BOOKS"!  Numerous book series would follow and totally entrance me, and I can't thank my parents enough for giving me an opportunity to discover the joy of reading.It was that memory that made me so excited about getting this series into our grandson's hands... he'd always loved our lunchtime reads of Dr. Seuss, etc. during the five years I spent babysitting him, but he was now a big-time second grader now, ready for "meatier" fare!  He'd typically received mostly toys from us at Christmas, and had a quizzical look on his face when he opened this set; every time I asked if he'd begun reading them, my daughter-in-law said he was just so busy with homework and extra curricular activities (understandable during the school year.)  Well, guess what happened over the summer?  History repeated itself, and I looked forward to hearing his periodic updates on the adventures he was reading about!  What an excellent series by Ms. Rowling.
Purchased this for my niece so she could finally read this series now that she's older. It's a really great box set and it's nice to be able to give her a piece of my childhood while she's going through hers. It's nice to be able to pass the magic on.
Everyone at this point knows the stories. If you haven't read the books but have only watched the movies, you are missing out. Get these books and read them.
I cannot say enough good things about this series. The books came out when I was a kid, and I learned to read with them. I owe my childhood to JK Rowling. As for the physical quality of the books, the case is sturdy and the bindings are solid. These will definitely hold up to heavy use!
Purchased for my teen daughter for her birthday.  She was so happy to get the entire set, she is a Potterhead.  The set was in perfect condition, and the box keeps them neat and protected on her bookshelf.  Very happy with this purchase.
We watched the movies first and we wanted to see how close they were in relation to the books. So far the books are better! My 8yr old gets close to 2hrs of story time a day, he's really into them!
Set arrived as advertised: factory sealed and no damages.  Bought for grandchildren to have at my home.  They (boy 9, girl 10) were so excited to have their own copies.  These are wonderful books that help keep young voracious readers enthrolled.  Great purchase !!
My daug hr er left her cherished bharry potter books outside and was de c a stated when they got ruined in oregon rin as she read them every morning with her cofee. I got this to surprise her. She lov e d it and it looked really nice, well packaged etc.
It is for a Christmas gift.  Exactly what I needed at a reasonable price/very good price.
There were some printing issues so some pages are way too light so I can barely read it. Then others are smeared and too dark. The books are of cheap material and look awful after 1 reading. Love the actual stories though!

The order came in perfect, unwrapped condition. The case is in great shape and all the books are brand new. The package arrived the very next day after I shipped! Great buy!
i'm looking forward to reading the books.  i'm a bit disappointed that the harry potter books aren't available on kindle.
Overall I am satisfied with the books, pretty good deal for the price. The Illustrations are completely ridiculous though, you would think they would get somebody who can actually draw to do them...That's the only thing that's missing for me.
This is such a great box set for any Harry Potter fan!!! The paperback set is extremely nice and put together well. I have been a Potter fan since the start and own a few books, but when I saw this set I had to have it. In my opinion the hard cover set is too expensive. The paper back set is an affordable price and still a good quality product. Having all 7 books gives you the option to relive Harry's adventures over and over again!!
Exactly as described - not sure why other reviewers are having trouble, thought I'm assuming the description was updated and clarified by the time I got to it. It's a paperback book set of one of the most beloved series of our time, and it is perfect.
It is the Harry Potter series.  What is there to say.  It is awesome.  We already had a set in hardback, but my son wanted a set of his own that he could beat around, so I got him the paperbacks.  These were the right price.
My granddaughter wanted books 1-7 for her birthday.  I got her this set.  The books are paperback but come in a nice box/book shelf of sorts.  I'm pleased with the quality.
Now I have a complete set that is easy to hold and/or carry!  It was great to get the whole set of paperbacks, Books 1-7.  Also, the price was great!
The boxed set (of all Seven Harry Potter books) is sturdily designed and bound well.  I love the "presentation" of the set.  Great product for any age.
When I saw the price, it was hard to pass it up.  I've been looking for the whole boxed series for a while, and this was just what I was looking for!  All of the original artwork is included, and everything is in great shape.  It comes in a nice cardboard casing that easily fits on my bookshelf.  What a great addition to my collection of books!

The order came in perfect, unwrapped condition. The case is in great shape and all the books are brand new. The package arrived the very next day after I shipped! Great buy!
i'm looking forward to reading the books.  i'm a bit disappointed that the harry potter books aren't available on kindle.
Overall I am satisfied with the books, pretty good deal for the price. The Illustrations are completely ridiculous though, you would think they would get somebody who can actually draw to do them...That's the only thing that's missing for me.
This is such a great box set for any Harry Potter fan!!! The paperback set is extremely nice and put together well. I have been a Potter fan since the start and own a few books, but when I saw this set I had to have it. In my opinion the hard cover set is too expensive. The paper back set is an affordable price and still a good quality product. Having all 7 books gives you the option to relive Harry's adventures over and over again!!
Exactly as described - not sure why other reviewers are having trouble, thought I'm assuming the description was updated and clarified by the time I got to it. It's a paperback book set of one of the most beloved series of our time, and it is perfect.
It is the Harry Potter series.  What is there to say.  It is awesome.  We already had a set in hardback, but my son wanted a set of his own that he could beat around, so I got him the paperbacks.  These were the right price.
My granddaughter wanted books 1-7 for her birthday.  I got her this set.  The books are paperback but come in a nice box/book shelf of sorts.  I'm pleased with the quality.
Now I have a complete set that is easy to hold and/or carry!  It was great to get the whole set of paperbacks, Books 1-7.  Also, the price was great!
The boxed set (of all Seven Harry Potter books) is sturdily designed and bound well.  I love the "presentation" of the set.  Great product for any age.
When I saw the price, it was hard to pass it up.  I've been looking for the whole boxed series for a while, and this was just what I was looking for!  All of the original artwork is included, and everything is in great shape.  It comes in a nice cardboard casing that easily fits on my bookshelf.  What a great addition to my collection of books!

Harry Potter Paperback Box Set (Books 1-7)It's in a very good quality and the price is convenient.I personally just started to read the books after watching its last sequel. Then I went looking to every bookstore for the complete versions of Harry Potter serial books. Too bad the price was too expensive. Luckily a friend of mine suggested me to buy through amazon.com and the result is satisfying.
The box set came wrapped in plastic but missing book 3.  I returned it, and Amazon replaced it with a complete set.  Odd QA issue resulted in inconvenience.
If you have not read this series, do yourself a favor and pick this up.  For kids and adults alike, it is a fantastic read.  For fans who do not own all the books, the case containing them makes a nice collectors piece too!
Excellent purchase! I've had and old paperback set of the series (the 1st book is probably almost 10 years old) that I've read since I was a kid, however since I was only a kid and did not know how to properly care for a paperback book, they were all falling apart drastically. The fifth book had literally split in half along the binding and had to be mended with tape! However, thanks to this new box set, I now have the Harry Potter series in perfectly new condition that I can continue to read (and take proper care of) into adulthood!
I received the item I purchased very quickly and it was in great condition. Thank you!
There's not much to say, I think everyone knows Harry Potter, but I do love that this comes with a case to hold all the books together.  That has come in handy through several moves.
This very readable collection costs less than the next 3 HP books that your kid wants to read. Go for it. Donate the old ones to the library (you DO live near a library, right?).
the books arrived just in time for Christmas and was exactly what we ordered.  My son just loves the entire collection and has been reading them non stop.
What is there to say? The books are all in mint condition and protected within a sturdy box with nice illustrations. I think any child or early teen that enjoys to read would like this collection--and it's affordable, too.
The books are beautiful & good reading. The cardboard case is nice to showcase the collection. I only wish they would have used the Hogwarts trunk like the first collection of 6 came in.

Harry Potter Paperback Box Set (Books 1-7)It's in a very good quality and the price is convenient.I personally just started to read the books after watching its last sequel. Then I went looking to every bookstore for the complete versions of Harry Potter serial books. Too bad the price was too expensive. Luckily a friend of mine suggested me to buy through amazon.com and the result is satisfying.
The box set came wrapped in plastic but missing book 3.  I returned it, and Amazon replaced it with a complete set.  Odd QA issue resulted in inconvenience.
If you have not read this series, do yourself a favor and pick this up.  For kids and adults alike, it is a fantastic read.  For fans who do not own all the books, the case containing them makes a nice collectors piece too!
Excellent purchase! I've had and old paperback set of the series (the 1st book is probably almost 10 years old) that I've read since I was a kid, however since I was only a kid and did not know how to properly care for a paperback book, they were all falling apart drastically. The fifth book had literally split in half along the binding and had to be mended with tape! However, thanks to this new box set, I now have the Harry Potter series in perfectly new condition that I can continue to read (and take proper care of) into adulthood!
I received the item I purchased very quickly and it was in great condition. Thank you!
There's not much to say, I think everyone knows Harry Potter, but I do love that this comes with a case to hold all the books together.  That has come in handy through several moves.
This very readable collection costs less than the next 3 HP books that your kid wants to read. Go for it. Donate the old ones to the library (you DO live near a library, right?).
the books arrived just in time for Christmas and was exactly what we ordered.  My son just loves the entire collection and has been reading them non stop.
What is there to say? The books are all in mint condition and protected within a sturdy box with nice illustrations. I think any child or early teen that enjoys to read would like this collection--and it's affordable, too.
The books are beautiful & good reading. The cardboard case is nice to showcase the collection. I only wish they would have used the Hogwarts trunk like the first collection of 6 came in.

This set is a very good deal. Much less expensive than some of the stores are selling it for. Makes a great collectors piece to keep forever.
great read, the box is fantastic, and the books are gorgeous. I thought that being paperback it would wear easily, and i wasnt wrong by any means but it isnt that much wear and tear after one read that it looks bad.
Either for Harry Potter fans or for people ho have never read the books, this is an excellent collection. It may be  not as fancy or better protected as the "Hard-Cover" edition, but is a neat and compact box that still contains one of the most wonderful book series ever made.  Rating: 5 Chocolate Frogs!  ;-)
Great set of Potter books; the lady can certainly write, can't she?!  Utterly charming.Books came wrapped well; brand new and as shown in the photo and description.  Muggles beware.
I provided the series for my grandsonhe is a great readeralso paired it with the movie set but he can not watch until the book is 1/2 donegreat incentive for students
We bought this for our son and a close friend of his. My son went through all the books in about 2.5 months. I never asked about his friend, but I would not be surprised if he went through them as fast or faster.
My daughter is 9 years old and she loves to read so i decided to get her the Harry Potter Box set . She really enjoyed it and has  already finished reading it , I would definitely recommend it .
paperback, the images on the covers will fade a bit, but i like the rustic edge it gives it. they are sturdy. I've had it for 4 years or so now.
Big fan of Harry Potter , have seen all the movies ( and have purchased DVD's and watched them few times)but read only last 2 books and even though loved the movies there is so much more in the books, could not find them in the library and decided to just by them , it is a good deal they come in a nice box to hold them together , planing to finish reading them before last movie comes out
I have already read the chinese ones. This time i want to try the english ones.The books are really good. They look good and I like the papers.the only thing I need to notice is that when i read the book, I shouldn't unfold the book directly, i need to have something to make the  other side become thinker so that the two sides can have the same height.

We own the complete set in hard cover, but I have to share those with my daughters. I bought this set for me. Me, alone.  hahaha! I'm in love. They're a lot lighter to support - books 4 and 5 are very heavy in the hard cover editions. :)
My friend talked me into buying this set and I even got a great deal with a $10 off coupon that Amazon had on here for a few days. The boxed set came new and wrapped in plastic. The set looks great. I can't wait to read them!
This box set is great quality. Obviously the box fell apart, but who really keeps the boxes (well at least we dont). My daughter loves the books and this was cheaper than buying g each one individually.
Over the years my HP books were either worn or loaned out and not returned. My 12 year old was wanting to read the set and this was a great gift. Includes all books with a nice holder to keep them altogether. Great for a gift!
My granddaughter wanted the whole set so she could do reports on them for school. She's already on the second book and not slowing down. It's the first time she has been really interested in reading. The books made us both happy.
Long overdue purchase. The books are as described in a cardboard holder. Not as flimsy as I was lead to believe from the posts. It's perfect for a shelf. I haven't found any imperfections as some have claimed.
Looking forward to some vaca time this summer to read the entire series again...I had given some of my old set away for people to read...alas, never to be returned....so this set stays put and complete...
My 3rd grader has breezed through these this year as she is so interested in them.  I probably won't let her read books 6 & 7 quite yet, but these have raised her reading level by at least a grade level from all the reading she is doing.  Thank you, JK Rowling!
My granddaughters LOVE this.  They have watched all of the movies over and over again and now are in the process of reading the books starting at the beginning.  The box keeps the paperbacks neatly packed together so that they do not get damaged and it makes it easy for the girls to put each book back in order when they finish them and then take the next one.  I will be looking on Amazon.com to purchase more box sets of series books for them in the future.
this is not a boxed SET. . but rather a mix of hard/soft back in various conditions.

Just finished re-reading all 7 books and it was wonderful !  I forgot how different they were from the movies, how much more in depth.  What a nice packaged set!
My granddaughter was over the moon to get these! I'm so happy she liked them, plus now I get to borrow them! They come in a beautiful box so you can see each book. Thank you, G. G. Plus they got here so fast!
Five stars! Just satisfaction. No complaints. The case is roomy and I can fit all the books in without any problems, unlike the Scholastic version of the Harry Potter copy I have currently.
Beautifully packaged.  I thought I was getting 7 loose books...wrong!  These books are nicely packaged in a Harry Potter box.  Yeah!
My sister gave me a gift card for my birthday and I knew that my grandchildren had reached the age where they were ready to start reading the Harry Pottter books. I turned my gift card into two sets of Harry Potter books and insured two current readers(and four soon-to-be readers) hours of reading entertainment, now and in the future. Harry Potter Paperback Box Set (Books 1-7)
I purchased these as text books for my son's Fantasy Literature as Religion class.  Arrived quickly, well packaged.  Great price.
This is a great box set of all the books for a great price. These are paperbacks in a cardboard box so not for those who want a showpiece collectible, but if you're just looking to buy these to read them all I don't think this can be beat.
My 10 year old grandson was thrilled to receive these books as a Christmas gift.  He is enjoying reading them.
These sat on the shelf for a while until my son was old enough to start reading them. It was only then that I realized how small and faint the text is in these books. I seriously doubt these are genuine copies and not pirated fakes. Now I have to get better-quality versions of these same books that are readable.
I was pleased with the price of the set and the speed of delivery. The set was a Scholastic set, the kind available by book order brought home by school kids. A good value.

Just finished re-reading all 7 books and it was wonderful !  I forgot how different they were from the movies, how much more in depth.  What a nice packaged set!
My granddaughter was over the moon to get these! I'm so happy she liked them, plus now I get to borrow them! They come in a beautiful box so you can see each book. Thank you, G. G. Plus they got here so fast!
Five stars! Just satisfaction. No complaints. The case is roomy and I can fit all the books in without any problems, unlike the Scholastic version of the Harry Potter copy I have currently.
Beautifully packaged.  I thought I was getting 7 loose books...wrong!  These books are nicely packaged in a Harry Potter box.  Yeah!
My sister gave me a gift card for my birthday and I knew that my grandchildren had reached the age where they were ready to start reading the Harry Pottter books. I turned my gift card into two sets of Harry Potter books and insured two current readers(and four soon-to-be readers) hours of reading entertainment, now and in the future. Harry Potter Paperback Box Set (Books 1-7)
I purchased these as text books for my son's Fantasy Literature as Religion class.  Arrived quickly, well packaged.  Great price.
This is a great box set of all the books for a great price. These are paperbacks in a cardboard box so not for those who want a showpiece collectible, but if you're just looking to buy these to read them all I don't think this can be beat.
My 10 year old grandson was thrilled to receive these books as a Christmas gift.  He is enjoying reading them.
These sat on the shelf for a while until my son was old enough to start reading them. It was only then that I realized how small and faint the text is in these books. I seriously doubt these are genuine copies and not pirated fakes. Now I have to get better-quality versions of these same books that are readable.
I was pleased with the price of the set and the speed of delivery. The set was a Scholastic set, the kind available by book order brought home by school kids. A good value.

She absolutely loves it. She is an avid reader and I wanted something more challenging for her to read and this was definitely it.
Got this as a gift for The Girl - I am looking forward to PotterNerding with her! They came as advertised, in good condition, and the Amazon price is HALF of what they sell for at Barnes & Noble. YES!
my sister loves this book series and it came in a cool box and the paperbacks were perfect size and are actually kind of strong
I purchased the Harry Potter series for my wife and she is enjoying in immensely. She's made comments about how close some of the movies were to the books but also about some of the finer details that were left out.  I may have to read them myself. The set was a great buy on Amazon!
this was supposed to be a set of seven paperbacks but was instead a set of four paperbacks and three hardcovers.  Total false advertising.
Books arrived very quickly and were delivered on a Sunday (Hurray for post on Sundays!)Got the books as a present for my best friend; she opened the box and happy cried. The box that held the books is beautifully designed with the ORIGINAL  graphics.Compete Perfection.
So nice to have the whole set in paperback for a fantastic price.  The cardboard holder is sturdy and keeps the books together and prevents tears and folds.
This is a good value purchase - excellent books packaged together in a good way. I think this is a good purchase.
I am keeping this set as I already gave away two sets of hard backs.. I occasionally reread them as they do not lose their magic!  They are easy to store in the nice bookshelf type box they came in.
The set of books was a great buy. I got for my 8 year old grandson who had been reading his older brothers set and wanted his own. He was so excited.

Kidding, not for painting...Good book, nice!Is a shame that Harry dies at the end and Hagrid fall in love with Hermione!!!
I purchased this as an angel tree gift for a child that loves to read and asked for a Harry Potter book.  What better than for Santa to bring her the entire set!  Great condition and the sale price was just as equally a great a deal.
Bought this as a gift for my oldest son.  He is a HP fanatic and unfortunately his book set was lost when we moved.  I've been wanting to replace it and found this great deal on Amazon for the box set.  Even though it was a used set, it was in perfect condition and my son was so thrilled.
The Harry Potter stories in Hogwarts are maybe one of the best classic of world literature. Only that perhaps the context of present, couldn't let the casual reader understand the relevance of these books; that, I really bealive are gonna be a mark or reference of our times. This presentation if very atractive, but I thought the material is very simple...
had all of the hardcovers as a kid- but somehow they got lost during the years. bought these to replace them- not as nice as the hardcovers- but they do the job! and I love the case they come in!
I grown up with harry potter and i got this item to just re-read and see if i am going to enjoy as much as i did before! Guess what! I enjoyed more than before with the details i haven’t noticed before! Brilliant! Great quality and box to keep and display
Couldn't have asked for anything better! I know the special edition version is coming out soon but nothing beats the original! Cant beat the price either :)
These books are obviously amazing. If you have not read them you need to buy these books immediately and take a vacation from work, family and friends to read these books ASAP!
I don't even need to write a review. It's freaking Harry Potter. The books are perfect. The case is made of a thicker cardboard but I didn't buy it for the "case." I wanted to replace my very worn set with a brand new set to pass down to my children.
Harry Potter books are so great.  Getting them at this price was amazing.  Will be reading them over and over. Thanks

Kidding, not for painting...Good book, nice!Is a shame that Harry dies at the end and Hagrid fall in love with Hermione!!!
I purchased this as an angel tree gift for a child that loves to read and asked for a Harry Potter book.  What better than for Santa to bring her the entire set!  Great condition and the sale price was just as equally a great a deal.
Bought this as a gift for my oldest son.  He is a HP fanatic and unfortunately his book set was lost when we moved.  I've been wanting to replace it and found this great deal on Amazon for the box set.  Even though it was a used set, it was in perfect condition and my son was so thrilled.
The Harry Potter stories in Hogwarts are maybe one of the best classic of world literature. Only that perhaps the context of present, couldn't let the casual reader understand the relevance of these books; that, I really bealive are gonna be a mark or reference of our times. This presentation if very atractive, but I thought the material is very simple...
had all of the hardcovers as a kid- but somehow they got lost during the years. bought these to replace them- not as nice as the hardcovers- but they do the job! and I love the case they come in!
I grown up with harry potter and i got this item to just re-read and see if i am going to enjoy as much as i did before! Guess what! I enjoyed more than before with the details i haven’t noticed before! Brilliant! Great quality and box to keep and display
Couldn't have asked for anything better! I know the special edition version is coming out soon but nothing beats the original! Cant beat the price either :)
These books are obviously amazing. If you have not read them you need to buy these books immediately and take a vacation from work, family and friends to read these books ASAP!
I don't even need to write a review. It's freaking Harry Potter. The books are perfect. The case is made of a thicker cardboard but I didn't buy it for the "case." I wanted to replace my very worn set with a brand new set to pass down to my children.
Harry Potter books are so great.  Getting them at this price was amazing.  Will be reading them over and over. Thanks

I was encouraged to read these books by my 12 year old granddaughter. I am very happy that I did. I have read them more than once and will probably read them again. I am pleased with the set I bought.
fast delivery with no damage This was a gift for grandchild who absolutely loved it. She had some of the books but liked having all of them together.
What a great set of books, all softcover. Our grandson loves them all and is already reading the first one. He's 8.
Excellent purchase for Harry Porter Fans and people who like to read. All 7 books have so much more detail in them than the movies. Fast shipping. Excellent shape. 5 Stars. Thank you.
Please note that this is a box set, and not a gift/collector edition.  There are no extras, and the box is pretty "plain." That being said, I think this is a good value, I'd buy it again.
Love these books.  As we are from Ecuador the presentation es perfect, doesn't weight much and it keeps well protected in their case.  My daughter is a super fan of Harry Potter and giving her the collection in english was a really good idea, both very happy.
My daughter was so surprised on Christmas morning. They came in perfect condition and the box is excellent.
Our grandchildren are reading!  This is a good inexpensive set for kids.  Not a fancy bookcase set but nice anyway.
We'll. First off. They're books so as long as it has words on paper they're legit. Has many folds/creases in the pages and some lines barely have ink on them. Even the edges or sides have clearly visible creases on them.was cheap, got what I wanted but not quality whatsoever. If you want these books as a set for collecting and want to show off, might want to spend a little more.
Got this set for my wife's birthday and it made her very happy...but, unfortunately, I didn't get to do anything with her for the month that it took for her to read all the books.

I was encouraged to read these books by my 12 year old granddaughter. I am very happy that I did. I have read them more than once and will probably read them again. I am pleased with the set I bought.
fast delivery with no damage This was a gift for grandchild who absolutely loved it. She had some of the books but liked having all of them together.
What a great set of books, all softcover. Our grandson loves them all and is already reading the first one. He's 8.
Excellent purchase for Harry Porter Fans and people who like to read. All 7 books have so much more detail in them than the movies. Fast shipping. Excellent shape. 5 Stars. Thank you.
Please note that this is a box set, and not a gift/collector edition.  There are no extras, and the box is pretty "plain." That being said, I think this is a good value, I'd buy it again.
Love these books.  As we are from Ecuador the presentation es perfect, doesn't weight much and it keeps well protected in their case.  My daughter is a super fan of Harry Potter and giving her the collection in english was a really good idea, both very happy.
My daughter was so surprised on Christmas morning. They came in perfect condition and the box is excellent.
Our grandchildren are reading!  This is a good inexpensive set for kids.  Not a fancy bookcase set but nice anyway.
We'll. First off. They're books so as long as it has words on paper they're legit. Has many folds/creases in the pages and some lines barely have ink on them. Even the edges or sides have clearly visible creases on them.was cheap, got what I wanted but not quality whatsoever. If you want these books as a set for collecting and want to show off, might want to spend a little more.
Got this set for my wife's birthday and it made her very happy...but, unfortunately, I didn't get to do anything with her for the month that it took for her to read all the books.

This is my favorite book series. I bought it for some light reading and I am about to go onto my 2nd read if the series. This product is more than I was expecting it to be, though there were some thing stuck between one of the pages, I was able to get it off and since then everything has been amazing with these books!Warning:EXTREMELY ADDICTING😃😃
Love the box set.  Would make a great gift for anyone who loves Harry Potter.  Great value too as opposed to buying the books separately.
This was purchased as a gift.  The recipient loves it.  It is exactly what they wanted.  The item was exactly as described
Great value!!!  We bought these for our daughter and she was surprised, shocked and thrilled to be getting the entire series of books all at once!!!  The box is beautiful and functional and looks fabulous on her bookshelf!!!
Our daughter kept checking out the Harry Potter books at the library, needless to say she was happy to receive the box set as a gift.  The cost was less than Walmart for the exact box set.
My grandson made me so happy, when he asked for these books for Christmas!  I love to read, and am so delighted he is reading too.
I can not praise these books enough...I can read them over and over...They came quickly, were in perfect condition, and were very inexpensive!!!
Bought these as a gift for my grandson.  He has wanted them for a while. Didn't know if he would read them or not. But to my surprise, he's already read one.
Would recommend this set to anyone that enjoys this type of book, as well as the many lessons it presents.  Have a grandson that read the books many times.
I bought this set for my mom.  I've never actually read Harry Potter but she seemed to really enjoy these books.

My daughter is book worm and has devoured this series.  The books are well made and look expensive even though they are paperback.  Makes an excellent gift for the avid reader.
Arrived on time. Books are solid without tear. Son loves to read Harry Potter books
My youngest son isn't a big reader, but he's a huge fan of these movies. He ask me to purchase the books for him. I so pleased to see this set contained the latest book too.
It's Harry Potter--what do you think?  If you don't know what to expect from this book series, than you weren't paying much attention between 1997-2011 or so.  Probably the most iconic book series to come along in 50 years or more.
MY FAMILY HAS STARTED WITH THE FIRST VOLUME OF THE SET AND THEY ARE ALL ENJOYING THE BOOKS.  WE HAD THE HARD COVER BUT THIS SET IS EASIER TO TAKE WITH YOU
My son is enjoying the Harry Potter series for the first time, but when he got to book five it is missing half of chapter 30 and all of chapter 31.  Other chapters are repeated in the book!  The poor quality of the bindings were to be expected given the price but I did not expect to be missing pages.
If you are not a crazy harry potter fan, then this collection is fine. And you get what u pay for
It was a Xmas present specifically requested. I am thinking the recipient liked it. The price was affordable as well.
I got this for one of my Daughters who loved the gift and the set... It is the perfect gift for those who love the series and love to read!
My daughter bought these for her brother (because he's been borrowing hers). Reading kids are a wonderful thing to have... HP keeps their nose in a book. It's a good thing!

My daughter is book worm and has devoured this series.  The books are well made and look expensive even though they are paperback.  Makes an excellent gift for the avid reader.
Arrived on time. Books are solid without tear. Son loves to read Harry Potter books
My youngest son isn't a big reader, but he's a huge fan of these movies. He ask me to purchase the books for him. I so pleased to see this set contained the latest book too.
It's Harry Potter--what do you think?  If you don't know what to expect from this book series, than you weren't paying much attention between 1997-2011 or so.  Probably the most iconic book series to come along in 50 years or more.
MY FAMILY HAS STARTED WITH THE FIRST VOLUME OF THE SET AND THEY ARE ALL ENJOYING THE BOOKS.  WE HAD THE HARD COVER BUT THIS SET IS EASIER TO TAKE WITH YOU
My son is enjoying the Harry Potter series for the first time, but when he got to book five it is missing half of chapter 30 and all of chapter 31.  Other chapters are repeated in the book!  The poor quality of the bindings were to be expected given the price but I did not expect to be missing pages.
If you are not a crazy harry potter fan, then this collection is fine. And you get what u pay for
It was a Xmas present specifically requested. I am thinking the recipient liked it. The price was affordable as well.
I got this for one of my Daughters who loved the gift and the set... It is the perfect gift for those who love the series and love to read!
My daughter bought these for her brother (because he's been borrowing hers). Reading kids are a wonderful thing to have... HP keeps their nose in a book. It's a good thing!

I bought this set for my grandson, he loves to read, and he was borrowing the Harry Potter books.  He seemed thrilled to have his very own books to read.
The stories are excellent and rate 5 stars, however, the paper used in these books is very cheap and gray.  The type has a hard time standing out on the page making them hard to read.
Was bought as a Christmas gift and my daughter really liked it! Not sure she ever read them though lol!
I'm such a harry potter nerd/fan. its literally my lifestyle. i bought these books so my kids could read them and experience the joy that i experienced when very first opening these marvelously written stories. came in a box set. all 7 books. excited to get this adventure started again!
Wonderful set of paperbacks. My DH read every one of them in a few weeks. The are boxed nicely.
Just receive this box set in the mail. It's everything I thought it would be and more. All of the books are included and are encased in a study cardboard box which will look adorable on display in my Nerd Cave. If you're a Potterhead and you're looking for the set, you can't go wrong with this. I can also say that it would make an amazing gift to give to someone for literally ANY occasion.
This was a gift, awesome price and awesome item.  This is a fantastic buy and this item shipped so quickly!!!!!!
I received my order, and everything was as i suspected it to be. I already red the first book, and the quality is really nice. I'm really happy that i bought these books on amazon, because it's very cheap and easy. Nothing wrong with the books at all. I would have loved to have known that the books were in American and not in British, but it's not a problem at all.
Bought the series for my 8 year old and he had read every book.  Nice to have them all in a matching collection with the case.
The box is nice and sturdy I felt so much love when I opened the package like an harry potter fan would I love it

Very nice box set, exactly as pictured. Any Harry Potter fan must have this.
I absolutely love Harry Potter books and this comes in a card board case that you can keep the books in and it's also very attractive and displays the books really nice
I really enjoyed reading this series of books. I much prefer clean family oriented books myself so these were a great read.
Got this as a Christmas gift for my daughter. A week after Christmas and she is almost done reading ALL of the books in the set.
This is the perfect gift for my 9 year old nephew. The box is sturdy and keeps the books from getting damaged when he's not reading them.
Nice set, perfect for my eight-year-old.  I like that they are soft cover so I don't have to worry about him keeping them in great condition like I would with hard-bound books.
so much fun to re-read and this format fits on the bookshelf easily. The paperbacks are much easier to take along too.
Although this boxed set arrived in a timely manner and was received in excellent condition, it was Missing book 1 and contained 2 copies on book 2! This was no fault of either Amazon or the bookseller i purchased it from but rather the publisher who packaged the set as it was shrink wrapped when I opened it! Now I have to go through the hassle of finding a volume one from this edition, to complete the set as it was supposed to be a collectible! Quite a lot of work ahead of me for a Christmas present which was anticlimactic to say the least!
I bought this as a gift for my little sister. She's a huge Harry Potter fan and loved it! Excellent packaging allows you to stylishly keep all the books organized.
I was pleased with the quality and delivery time of my book set order; especially because this was a gift for my granddaughter.  I recommend this Box Set!

Very nice box set, exactly as pictured. Any Harry Potter fan must have this.
I absolutely love Harry Potter books and this comes in a card board case that you can keep the books in and it's also very attractive and displays the books really nice
I really enjoyed reading this series of books. I much prefer clean family oriented books myself so these were a great read.
Got this as a Christmas gift for my daughter. A week after Christmas and she is almost done reading ALL of the books in the set.
This is the perfect gift for my 9 year old nephew. The box is sturdy and keeps the books from getting damaged when he's not reading them.
Nice set, perfect for my eight-year-old.  I like that they are soft cover so I don't have to worry about him keeping them in great condition like I would with hard-bound books.
so much fun to re-read and this format fits on the bookshelf easily. The paperbacks are much easier to take along too.
Although this boxed set arrived in a timely manner and was received in excellent condition, it was Missing book 1 and contained 2 copies on book 2! This was no fault of either Amazon or the bookseller i purchased it from but rather the publisher who packaged the set as it was shrink wrapped when I opened it! Now I have to go through the hassle of finding a volume one from this edition, to complete the set as it was supposed to be a collectible! Quite a lot of work ahead of me for a Christmas present which was anticlimactic to say the least!
I bought this as a gift for my little sister. She's a huge Harry Potter fan and loved it! Excellent packaging allows you to stylishly keep all the books organized.
I was pleased with the quality and delivery time of my book set order; especially because this was a gift for my granddaughter.  I recommend this Box Set!

exactly what i expected, and in case your wondering the books do have the original cover art which was a huge deal for me. i bought this for my fiance and she loved it. great product.
I haven't read all the books yet but so far they have been awesome. Way better than the movies too, of course. I really love the box that they come in as well.
We received the book set on 6/8 and my son was so excited reading through the first 6 books. But as he began to read the 7th book, he found 4 blank pages throughout the book. Therefore decided not the continue reading the rest of the book. I'm sorry to say, he was quite disappointed.
Gave this set of Harry Potter Books Set to a nephew as a gift and it was well received, and has had a great response!+++++
Love Harry Potter and my wife also. Was a gift for her, the collection of all books in English. She is already on the 3rd book now. Good quality and price.
My sons love these books. This is our 2nd set over the years as paperbacks wear out when 3 kids are constantly reading the series. Good buy for great stories.
My kids started to read the Harry Potter books and these 7 book set was a great deal.  They are already through half of the books and they really enjoy them.
Just what I expected (paperback series) for a good price. A similar version is available at Costco, but smaller print and more cheaply made--for $15 more!!  Great price.
Product was good and got it fast It was exactly like the picture and description. The experience was very easy and simple
New books, good price and they arrived before Christmas. I looked everywhere for these books and this was the best price I could find anywhere .

My Harry Potter fan loved her collection of books! She noticed they felt and looked a little different from her school library books, but it's a good thing.
We originally recieved the item after 4 days (express postage) to Australia.the first one we got, had a duplicate of the 2nd book in the series "Chamber of Secrets" and was missing the 1st "Sorcerers Stone"i alerted Amazon, and they shipped out a replacement in under a week, free of charge.Great service :D:D:D
Perfect gift for your Harry Potter loving elementary kid (or any age kid, really). Box is durable and books have beautiful covers. Very good value and quality.
This 7 part series arrived in perfect condition. Even though they are paperback, they are sturdy and well made. I would recommend this collection to any one.
My oldest son loves these books. We went to universal studios on our Make-a-Wish trip and he wanted to spend the whole time in the Harry potter area.
The product is excellent.  It was a gift for my niece.  I have read all of the books myself, and they are marvelous.
I am collecting all of the HP books in every cover and language. I wanted a set to read that I would have to worry about opening.  This is perfect love it!
We wanted a set the kids could read without mucking up the hardbacks. These fit the bill, and are very nice on their own.
Great product for the price! Arrived on time, it has a good quality, not study but it's OK. I like the covers.
I ordered this for a las minute gift.  I love Amazon Prime for this reason!  Quality item, would recommend to others!

My Harry Potter fan loved her collection of books! She noticed they felt and looked a little different from her school library books, but it's a good thing.
We originally recieved the item after 4 days (express postage) to Australia.the first one we got, had a duplicate of the 2nd book in the series "Chamber of Secrets" and was missing the 1st "Sorcerers Stone"i alerted Amazon, and they shipped out a replacement in under a week, free of charge.Great service :D:D:D
Perfect gift for your Harry Potter loving elementary kid (or any age kid, really). Box is durable and books have beautiful covers. Very good value and quality.
This 7 part series arrived in perfect condition. Even though they are paperback, they are sturdy and well made. I would recommend this collection to any one.
My oldest son loves these books. We went to universal studios on our Make-a-Wish trip and he wanted to spend the whole time in the Harry potter area.
The product is excellent.  It was a gift for my niece.  I have read all of the books myself, and they are marvelous.
I am collecting all of the HP books in every cover and language. I wanted a set to read that I would have to worry about opening.  This is perfect love it!
We wanted a set the kids could read without mucking up the hardbacks. These fit the bill, and are very nice on their own.
Great product for the price! Arrived on time, it has a good quality, not study but it's OK. I like the covers.
I ordered this for a las minute gift.  I love Amazon Prime for this reason!  Quality item, would recommend to others!

I bought these for my grand-niece!  She is 11 and was assigned 30 minutes of reading per day and her teacher is delighted that she is reading these!
The books are printed with acceptable quality, nothing fancy. But the deal is great as each book costs $11-$12 alone. The only downside is that some of them are pretty think and easy to be damaged if not read with extra care.No comments on the content - you've watched the movies, have you? :)
This is a nicely packaged set in its own box. MUCH better value than buying them individually.My grandson loves them!
Already through the first 2 books.Box is nice made of cardboard with cool artwork. Books are paperback and constructed well.Very satisfied
Come on, it's Harry Potter. What's not to love. Bought these for my grandson to encourage him to read more. These are stories when can share and discuss.
Bought these for our 9 year old and he love them! It comes in a nice box set which helps him keep track of them and the books are excellent!
This is an amazing book. My son does not usually like books but this one just brings out the best in him. He asks to read it every night before bed and sometimes even reads parts of it to us out loud. It has opened his eyes to the whole world of reading, which makes us so happy. The story is spun so well, and he hangs on to every word, waiting to see what will come next. I would highly recommend it to any early reader. It is imaginative and hilarious!
My daughter loves it and she is still reading them. I bought soft back and it is useful for my kids to take them in their bed during bedtime.
My sons loves this gift set.  We kept the box and they stay nice and organized on his nightstand.
What can I say? It's Harry Potter; of course I'm thrilled with my purchase, and with how Amazon resolved my negative experience with Text_Source. Thank you so much:)

Very good ... a young adult book that can even captivate adults.  I watched the entire series, but the books provide much more detail.
Got this as a Christmas gift for my Granddaughter. Had to open up the package just to see what it looks like, And was pleasantly surprised. This is a very nice set of books. I know she will enjoy it.
This is a really nice set of books.  They don't look like paperbacks.  The box/case is a nice and convenient way to story and display them.  Would recommend.
Great series. The set I got was mixed paperback and hardback, which was kind of odd. However, my mother loved it and was happy to have her own set.
This package went to Australia which took some time, but that was to be expected. This book is being enjoyed.
I got my books in perfect condition! Brand spanking new and not even out of the plastic! Came quicker than predicted!
The paper is a bit cheapie, but the covers look great, and the books themselves are amazing! Was super excited to own the books rather than checking them out.
This was a gift for my grandson's birthday. He just turned 11. Price is excellent for 7 paperback books. He loved it!!
Happy to have the volumes. The paper looked a bit worn, the color grayish. But the bindings are relatively strong. Have been reading and enjoying.
Our little one has really enjoyed this series as a newcomer to the Harry Potter world. However, this set makes a great gift for virtually any age.

Very good ... a young adult book that can even captivate adults.  I watched the entire series, but the books provide much more detail.
Got this as a Christmas gift for my Granddaughter. Had to open up the package just to see what it looks like, And was pleasantly surprised. This is a very nice set of books. I know she will enjoy it.
This is a really nice set of books.  They don't look like paperbacks.  The box/case is a nice and convenient way to story and display them.  Would recommend.
Great series. The set I got was mixed paperback and hardback, which was kind of odd. However, my mother loved it and was happy to have her own set.
This package went to Australia which took some time, but that was to be expected. This book is being enjoyed.
I got my books in perfect condition! Brand spanking new and not even out of the plastic! Came quicker than predicted!
The paper is a bit cheapie, but the covers look great, and the books themselves are amazing! Was super excited to own the books rather than checking them out.
This was a gift for my grandson's birthday. He just turned 11. Price is excellent for 7 paperback books. He loved it!!
Happy to have the volumes. The paper looked a bit worn, the color grayish. But the bindings are relatively strong. Have been reading and enjoying.
Our little one has really enjoyed this series as a newcomer to the Harry Potter world. However, this set makes a great gift for virtually any age.

Paperback bindings are definitely cheap and weird, but these books are amazing. I'm only halfway through and I'm such a Harry Potter nerd now.
good construction but its still harry potter
J.K.Rowling is the number 1 author. I love these books.I can read them over and over. I would recomend theseBooks to everyone.
it does the job ,its hard to say much about this it does what it should do and easy to use
It was exactly what I was expecting and arrived on time! We love Harry Potter in our family. Happy to finally have our own set! Good quality.
Exactly as described.  Set of 7 books and nice cover.  Wish I would have got this right off the bat instead of buying the first 3 books separately.
BOUGHT THEM FOR MY GRANDAUGHTER SHE LOVES THEM AND GETS CREDIT IN HER SCHOOL FOR READING THEM.
Will never be able to leave this universe. im done. it has consumed my sould
A very nice book  holder  came with the set.  This makes it easy to use and store.
Item is exactly what you would except. No surprises. We've read all the books 100 times now and the seems are still holding up very well.

Paperback bindings are definitely cheap and weird, but these books are amazing. I'm only halfway through and I'm such a Harry Potter nerd now.
good construction but its still harry potter
J.K.Rowling is the number 1 author. I love these books.I can read them over and over. I would recomend theseBooks to everyone.
it does the job ,its hard to say much about this it does what it should do and easy to use
It was exactly what I was expecting and arrived on time! We love Harry Potter in our family. Happy to finally have our own set! Good quality.
Exactly as described.  Set of 7 books and nice cover.  Wish I would have got this right off the bat instead of buying the first 3 books separately.
BOUGHT THEM FOR MY GRANDAUGHTER SHE LOVES THEM AND GETS CREDIT IN HER SCHOOL FOR READING THEM.
Will never be able to leave this universe. im done. it has consumed my sould
A very nice book  holder  came with the set.  This makes it easy to use and store.
Item is exactly what you would except. No surprises. We've read all the books 100 times now and the seems are still holding up very well.

Great books that I has given me many hours of joy. Cannot recommend these books enough! Both a good choice for children and adults
My wife wanted to make sure we had the complete set when my daughter was able to read the Harry Potter books.  Amazon made it easy it!
I'm introducing my 10 year old twins to Harry Potter. This is the perfect collection. The boys were so excited to receive this and loved the case.
Best series any child or adult could read.  Love it.
Great book set.  3 out of 5 of my kids are reading it.  ages 8-10.  They've watched the movies over and over.  They like finding the differences between the movie and books
It's Harry Potter!  What's not to love?!  All the books come together in a fun case - it's Christmas every time I see it sitting on the bookshelf.
I never ordered this do not know why it is posted like this I got the dvds but did not order the books but like the dvds
I bought this for a friend but we all know it's a great story. The binding is solid and it will arrive in the original packaging.
My son had this set that we both had read before he moved out. I wanted one for myself. This is just the thing. Everything is the same.
Bought these for my 13 year old, and they are a nice set.  Saved $20 buying from Amazon instead of my local book store.  If your kids like Harry Potter, and they don't have the set, this is very nice.

A great gift set for any Harry Potter fan.  It has a neat display box they set it on your shelf.  Very nice, neat and organized.
My granddaughter has wanted to read this series for years. She is very happy to now have these books for her collection.
The gift I purchased for my daughter for Christmas arrived on time and was very well liked. I look forward to future purchases.
I am happy with this buy, it was cheaper than buying teh books at shops and when the product arrive home everything was OK, new and in perfect conditions. I hope saying the same when finishing reading the books.The only negative point is that delivery spent 4 days longer than suppossed to.
Mine came with a dent in the top of the box (pictured). It affected a couple of the books. I am too excited to read them to consider returning the set to be honest. I bought the paperback set so I wouldn't have to worry about the condition of the books when my kids decide to read them so it's not a deal breaker but just be aware that can happen when you buy these from certain sellers.
The books are fantastic. They were delivered in perfect condition! The only issue is that one has to be very careful in handling the book since they're paperback and can deform easily.Also, I think the price is a bit expensive, but if you're Harry Potter fan or love to read, it can be overlooked!
My 12 year old grandson wore out his other Harry Potter books and asked for these for Christmas he is already reading them.
The books are great. My son wanted to read the book after watching the movies and he seems to love them.
it is a very adventourous story. it tells about mystery, and adventures. it is mystical. in every chapter there is a mystery that has to be told. my favorite character is Viktor krum because he is a foreign wizard. he is a talented seeker for the bulgarian team. i am thankful for having my grandfather buy me the seven books.sincerely, chaddy walton.
Good gift for young teen.  She was very happy with graphics.  I was happy to give paperbacks that were a very nice quality.

A great gift set for any Harry Potter fan.  It has a neat display box they set it on your shelf.  Very nice, neat and organized.
My granddaughter has wanted to read this series for years. She is very happy to now have these books for her collection.
The gift I purchased for my daughter for Christmas arrived on time and was very well liked. I look forward to future purchases.
I am happy with this buy, it was cheaper than buying teh books at shops and when the product arrive home everything was OK, new and in perfect conditions. I hope saying the same when finishing reading the books.The only negative point is that delivery spent 4 days longer than suppossed to.
Mine came with a dent in the top of the box (pictured). It affected a couple of the books. I am too excited to read them to consider returning the set to be honest. I bought the paperback set so I wouldn't have to worry about the condition of the books when my kids decide to read them so it's not a deal breaker but just be aware that can happen when you buy these from certain sellers.
The books are fantastic. They were delivered in perfect condition! The only issue is that one has to be very careful in handling the book since they're paperback and can deform easily.Also, I think the price is a bit expensive, but if you're Harry Potter fan or love to read, it can be overlooked!
My 12 year old grandson wore out his other Harry Potter books and asked for these for Christmas he is already reading them.
The books are great. My son wanted to read the book after watching the movies and he seems to love them.
it is a very adventourous story. it tells about mystery, and adventures. it is mystical. in every chapter there is a mystery that has to be told. my favorite character is Viktor krum because he is a foreign wizard. he is a talented seeker for the bulgarian team. i am thankful for having my grandfather buy me the seven books.sincerely, chaddy walton.
Good gift for young teen.  She was very happy with graphics.  I was happy to give paperbacks that were a very nice quality.

A great gift set for any Harry Potter fan.  It has a neat display box they set it on your shelf.  Very nice, neat and organized.
My granddaughter has wanted to read this series for years. She is very happy to now have these books for her collection.
The gift I purchased for my daughter for Christmas arrived on time and was very well liked. I look forward to future purchases.
I am happy with this buy, it was cheaper than buying teh books at shops and when the product arrive home everything was OK, new and in perfect conditions. I hope saying the same when finishing reading the books.The only negative point is that delivery spent 4 days longer than suppossed to.
Mine came with a dent in the top of the box (pictured). It affected a couple of the books. I am too excited to read them to consider returning the set to be honest. I bought the paperback set so I wouldn't have to worry about the condition of the books when my kids decide to read them so it's not a deal breaker but just be aware that can happen when you buy these from certain sellers.
The books are fantastic. They were delivered in perfect condition! The only issue is that one has to be very careful in handling the book since they're paperback and can deform easily.Also, I think the price is a bit expensive, but if you're Harry Potter fan or love to read, it can be overlooked!
My 12 year old grandson wore out his other Harry Potter books and asked for these for Christmas he is already reading them.
The books are great. My son wanted to read the book after watching the movies and he seems to love them.
it is a very adventourous story. it tells about mystery, and adventures. it is mystical. in every chapter there is a mystery that has to be told. my favorite character is Viktor krum because he is a foreign wizard. he is a talented seeker for the bulgarian team. i am thankful for having my grandfather buy me the seven books.sincerely, chaddy walton.
Good gift for young teen.  She was very happy with graphics.  I was happy to give paperbacks that were a very nice quality.

Purchased for my son as we wore out the old copies.  This collectors set is perfect because of the box.  Delivery was very quick and they arrived undamaged.  Thank you.
Great books for my children's. I'm  sure that will  read it only once. I such case it's looking as a good deal for price.
I'm a late Harry Potter fan, but I'm so glad I ordered all of them. I couldn't stop til I finished them.
Best price for these great books, except for maybe scholastic school book order
The set is a great price and the books are very good quality!
Exactly what my daughter wanted. Was a gift. Very pleased.
I ordered this box set for my daughter and she loves it!!
Nice set of paper back books for a gift and the cardboard surround keeps the books neatly together
I am so happy with this set of books. I bought three sets for my grandsons birthday gifts. They were well received.
Books are just what I wanted but the box they come in was damaged and a few of the books had their corners bent.  That is the reason for the 4 stars.

This set is a gift for someone who hasn't read the series yet.  I'm sure she will love them as much as I did.
Christmas Gift - I'm sure this will be a favorite because she loves reading and enjoys Harry Potter collection
Product was everything I hoped it would be.  The perfect Christmas gift for my granddaughter.  Product was shipped quickly and arrived well before Christmas.
Gave this box set to my granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it.  Cheaper than buying each book separately.
Been looking for this full set for a long time, like the size and design of the books and fonts. Thanks !
Bought these to finally read them.  Nice to have them in the set, and the sizes of the books are great for travel.
Love this series.  I am just now getting into the series and is my first time reading it.  I like the fact that I have all the books in front of me in one case.  Makes me want to read through it.
My favorite books. My 9 year old's favorite books. She has read them at least 10 times each in the year we've owned these and they've held up nicely.
Great books for elementary school children. Wish the words print was bigger but it's nice the books are compact.
They are the 7 Harry Potter books. In a box with the front open for storage on the shelf etc.

This set is a gift for someone who hasn't read the series yet.  I'm sure she will love them as much as I did.
Christmas Gift - I'm sure this will be a favorite because she loves reading and enjoys Harry Potter collection
Product was everything I hoped it would be.  The perfect Christmas gift for my granddaughter.  Product was shipped quickly and arrived well before Christmas.
Gave this box set to my granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it.  Cheaper than buying each book separately.
Been looking for this full set for a long time, like the size and design of the books and fonts. Thanks !
Bought these to finally read them.  Nice to have them in the set, and the sizes of the books are great for travel.
Love this series.  I am just now getting into the series and is my first time reading it.  I like the fact that I have all the books in front of me in one case.  Makes me want to read through it.
My favorite books. My 9 year old's favorite books. She has read them at least 10 times each in the year we've owned these and they've held up nicely.
Great books for elementary school children. Wish the words print was bigger but it's nice the books are compact.
They are the 7 Harry Potter books. In a box with the front open for storage on the shelf etc.

Great condition, good quality as expected. Christmas present for my son and he was very happy to have the whole set.
Love that I have all of the books ready when 1 is done.  Quality is decent but definitely look worn after 1 read.
Came on time, beautifuly and clearly printed..i look forward to enjoy it with my siblings ..and the box ,the colours, everything is just perfect..thank you Amazon
Very nice set. I bought these for my daughter who just loves Harry Potter! She was very happy to receive these.
I received this for Christmas and it is fantastic. The box the books are stored in is pretty durable and will last about as long as the books if its cared for properly.
This is the favorite book series for my daughters, books are new, ship is quick and box is decent.
Set is very nice, great packaging. My daughter loves the series even more that the books all come as a set.
A nice set of all the books and a lot less expensive than buying individually.  My son was happy with it.
I bought this set for my kid. She can't put it down. It's great way to keep a ADHD kid out of trouble.
Perfect teacher gift for a GREAT year.Nice looking set and way to keep track of all the books from the series.

Great condition, good quality as expected. Christmas present for my son and he was very happy to have the whole set.
Love that I have all of the books ready when 1 is done.  Quality is decent but definitely look worn after 1 read.
Came on time, beautifuly and clearly printed..i look forward to enjoy it with my siblings ..and the box ,the colours, everything is just perfect..thank you Amazon
Very nice set. I bought these for my daughter who just loves Harry Potter! She was very happy to receive these.
I received this for Christmas and it is fantastic. The box the books are stored in is pretty durable and will last about as long as the books if its cared for properly.
This is the favorite book series for my daughters, books are new, ship is quick and box is decent.
Set is very nice, great packaging. My daughter loves the series even more that the books all come as a set.
A nice set of all the books and a lot less expensive than buying individually.  My son was happy with it.
I bought this set for my kid. She can't put it down. It's great way to keep a ADHD kid out of trouble.
Perfect teacher gift for a GREAT year.Nice looking set and way to keep track of all the books from the series.

Great condition, good quality as expected. Christmas present for my son and he was very happy to have the whole set.
Love that I have all of the books ready when 1 is done.  Quality is decent but definitely look worn after 1 read.
Came on time, beautifuly and clearly printed..i look forward to enjoy it with my siblings ..and the box ,the colours, everything is just perfect..thank you Amazon
Very nice set. I bought these for my daughter who just loves Harry Potter! She was very happy to receive these.
I received this for Christmas and it is fantastic. The box the books are stored in is pretty durable and will last about as long as the books if its cared for properly.
This is the favorite book series for my daughters, books are new, ship is quick and box is decent.
Set is very nice, great packaging. My daughter loves the series even more that the books all come as a set.
A nice set of all the books and a lot less expensive than buying individually.  My son was happy with it.
I bought this set for my kid. She can't put it down. It's great way to keep a ADHD kid out of trouble.
Perfect teacher gift for a GREAT year.Nice looking set and way to keep track of all the books from the series.

its the harry potter books, and I love them so I cant really have a bad review... im happy with it.. go hp
Bought for my son, can't wait to read them all to him and enjoy them myself all over again!
The size is perfit for carrying around, and my wife likes the feeling of the paper. Meanwhile, the covers are beautiful, thus showing them in the shelfer is also a good choice.
One of my favorite series ever. I recommend it to anyone who doesn't yet have it in their home library.
Great price and loved how they cam in a big box. Regular pricing at a book store it upwards of $80. Love this!
Wonderful books in a wonderful box set. Purchased for my 8 year old and very happy with the product.
My 7 year old daughter loved the gift! She has alreadi finished book 1 and she enjoyed it very much.
Great deal! Came in packaging, unopened, I love it! I am using it as my own collectors edition. Has the box it came it which is perfect for putting on a shelf or table without the books getting messed up or lost.
Great deal on these books! I like that it comes with a box-case to store them in on the shelf.
son loves his new collection of Harry Potter..reieved on time..as described..would recommend..

its the harry potter books, and I love them so I cant really have a bad review... im happy with it.. go hp
Bought for my son, can't wait to read them all to him and enjoy them myself all over again!
The size is perfit for carrying around, and my wife likes the feeling of the paper. Meanwhile, the covers are beautiful, thus showing them in the shelfer is also a good choice.
One of my favorite series ever. I recommend it to anyone who doesn't yet have it in their home library.
Great price and loved how they cam in a big box. Regular pricing at a book store it upwards of $80. Love this!
Wonderful books in a wonderful box set. Purchased for my 8 year old and very happy with the product.
My 7 year old daughter loved the gift! She has alreadi finished book 1 and she enjoyed it very much.
Great deal! Came in packaging, unopened, I love it! I am using it as my own collectors edition. Has the box it came it which is perfect for putting on a shelf or table without the books getting messed up or lost.
Great deal on these books! I like that it comes with a box-case to store them in on the shelf.
son loves his new collection of Harry Potter..reieved on time..as described..would recommend..

its the harry potter books, and I love them so I cant really have a bad review... im happy with it.. go hp
Bought for my son, can't wait to read them all to him and enjoy them myself all over again!
The size is perfit for carrying around, and my wife likes the feeling of the paper. Meanwhile, the covers are beautiful, thus showing them in the shelfer is also a good choice.
One of my favorite series ever. I recommend it to anyone who doesn't yet have it in their home library.
Great price and loved how they cam in a big box. Regular pricing at a book store it upwards of $80. Love this!
Wonderful books in a wonderful box set. Purchased for my 8 year old and very happy with the product.
My 7 year old daughter loved the gift! She has alreadi finished book 1 and she enjoyed it very much.
Great deal! Came in packaging, unopened, I love it! I am using it as my own collectors edition. Has the box it came it which is perfect for putting on a shelf or table without the books getting messed up or lost.
Great deal on these books! I like that it comes with a box-case to store them in on the shelf.
son loves his new collection of Harry Potter..reieved on time..as described..would recommend..

its the harry potter books, and I love them so I cant really have a bad review... im happy with it.. go hp
Bought for my son, can't wait to read them all to him and enjoy them myself all over again!
The size is perfit for carrying around, and my wife likes the feeling of the paper. Meanwhile, the covers are beautiful, thus showing them in the shelfer is also a good choice.
One of my favorite series ever. I recommend it to anyone who doesn't yet have it in their home library.
Great price and loved how they cam in a big box. Regular pricing at a book store it upwards of $80. Love this!
Wonderful books in a wonderful box set. Purchased for my 8 year old and very happy with the product.
My 7 year old daughter loved the gift! She has alreadi finished book 1 and she enjoyed it very much.
Great deal! Came in packaging, unopened, I love it! I am using it as my own collectors edition. Has the box it came it which is perfect for putting on a shelf or table without the books getting messed up or lost.
Great deal on these books! I like that it comes with a box-case to store them in on the shelf.
son loves his new collection of Harry Potter..reieved on time..as described..would recommend..

Got for my wife. She LOVES them. Great price. Good cardboard cover. Quality soft cover books
I must say I was incredibly thrilled when my box set came. Especially when it came roughly a week early.Everything was in pristine condition, except one page had a 3cm rip in it the seventh book. It was wrapped well in bubble wrap and I am pleased with my purchase.
Absolutely love Harry Potter series. This is the second time I'm reading the series. Amazing.
Fantastic fantasy story for the young, not too young, and old. Highly entertaining and far better than the movie versions.  Highly recommend this collection of books for those who wish to indulge into something a little different.
Harry Potter.Do we really need more? It’s Harry freaking Potter so of course it’s perfect!
Was a gift for daughter-in-law and she was excited to get complete set in the box.  Had never read and  couldn't wait to start reading!
I have always appreciated JK Rowling's books, especially the Harry Potter series. Despite how they are viewed by some misguided people, they offer any reader, something completely seperate from reality. At the very same time they are interesting.
And the price is super! I can't put these books down...I have read them three times now. Can't go wrong with this set!!
The set is encased in a shrink-wrapped case and will be a Christmas gift, so we haven't actually looked at the books. But the spines are very attractive, the case is very well done, and both appear to be excellent quality. Of course the writing speaks for itself. Great value.
Have enjoyed reading and re-reading these books.  They are good for adults as well as children.

Item given as a Christmas gift. Great set at a great price for a young Harry Potter fan.
Wizards. Sorcerers.. And Magic.. You become part of the Book.. I bought them, for My Oldest Grandson.. He Adores them!!
Best books on the planet of course. The paperbacks are much easier to read than the hardbacks. Slight problem with durability but that's expected. Great price as well
Bought this for a Christmas present. Great box to store all books. Can't wait to give the gift and see the happy face.
This was a Christmas present for my daughter. She loved them. Read them all in the first week.
My son loved this as a birthday present! He's been reading like crazy. It keeps them nice and neat as well.
Well, I scored some major "Best Present" points with my nephew on his birthday.  He loves the set!  The price was outstanding.
My 10 yr old granddaughter was trying to read the books in order, by getting them from the school library. The ones she needed next were always checked out. To encourage her to keep reading, we bought the paperback set. Now she can read them in order, an share them with her friends.
This series is the greatest of all time. It arrived quickly and without any issues. I was alerted on arrival updates and am very pleased with the product.
Read every book and then some. It was as advertised, and delivered fast.

Packaged very well! and all the books look awesome! great purchase and great price!
Wonderful series in a well-done box set. Love the artwork for the books and the box.
It's Harry Potter...what's not to like?  I bought this for my niece to share, with her, my love for this series.
This set of books comes in a very colorful box. I love the illustrations on the covers. The books are part of our home school curriculum this year so we needed the whole set. We're almost finished with the first book already because the boys (ages 7 and 9) are so intrigued with the stories. It's easy to get swept up in the story of Harry and his friends as they navigate their years at Hogwarts. We can hardly wait to see what happens next!!*I purchased this product at a discount during a black friday promotion. This is my honest, unbiased opinion.
I was expecting something less but the packaging and presentation is very impressive.
Great product my wife loves to read and she hasn't yet watched the harry potter movies. This was a Christmas gift for her and she loved them, read the first book the first day, I strongly recommend this for kids as well.
The set that was sent to my niece was not the set she wanted and it was not the set that was in the picture on Amazon.  Very disappointing. We had to send it back and then find it somewhere else.  What a waste of time.
Great story start to finish...  So glad my daughter wanted the complete set of books for herself, as the books are much more detailed and fulfilling than the movies!
books arrived within days, despite public holidays! I'm very happy with them, and glad to have found them at a much more reasonable price than in stores - one bookshop wanted to charge over 4 times as much as I purchased them for from amazon. Thankyou!
A great gift for your avid Potter fan.  A beautiful set of books in a great case.

Packaged very well! and all the books look awesome! great purchase and great price!
Wonderful series in a well-done box set. Love the artwork for the books and the box.
It's Harry Potter...what's not to like?  I bought this for my niece to share, with her, my love for this series.
This set of books comes in a very colorful box. I love the illustrations on the covers. The books are part of our home school curriculum this year so we needed the whole set. We're almost finished with the first book already because the boys (ages 7 and 9) are so intrigued with the stories. It's easy to get swept up in the story of Harry and his friends as they navigate their years at Hogwarts. We can hardly wait to see what happens next!!*I purchased this product at a discount during a black friday promotion. This is my honest, unbiased opinion.
I was expecting something less but the packaging and presentation is very impressive.
Great product my wife loves to read and she hasn't yet watched the harry potter movies. This was a Christmas gift for her and she loved them, read the first book the first day, I strongly recommend this for kids as well.
The set that was sent to my niece was not the set she wanted and it was not the set that was in the picture on Amazon.  Very disappointing. We had to send it back and then find it somewhere else.  What a waste of time.
Great story start to finish...  So glad my daughter wanted the complete set of books for herself, as the books are much more detailed and fulfilling than the movies!
books arrived within days, despite public holidays! I'm very happy with them, and glad to have found them at a much more reasonable price than in stores - one bookshop wanted to charge over 4 times as much as I purchased them for from amazon. Thankyou!
A great gift for your avid Potter fan.  A beautiful set of books in a great case.

Item was in package I was the first to unwrap them now I cant wait to read them all. perfect condition.
The paper is not the best quality although the cover art is much more delicate than in the Latin American version. I would have liked to know more paper types before buying. Regarding the history is incredible.
I really like the Harry Potter story and the author is a good writer.
Bought as a gift for my future daughter-in-law and she LOVED THEM!!!
HUGE HP fan.. loved these books as a child, had to reorder for nostalgia.
The kid read all of the books.  Must have been something there that she liked.
Came in really good condition and my children are having a great time reading them.
Came quickly and in perfect condition. The box that encases the books is just cardboard but it's still pretty cool and sturdy. Very excited to read the series with my daughter. Would buy from this company again.
I just don't like that the set I got want the same as far as hardcover or soft
Harry Potter is always and easy read.  This is a good set for kids

All 7 novels, original cover art, in an illustrated box sleeve. All books were in great brand new condition with no tears, or issues whatsoever. Great value when looking to buy all 7 HP books.
Love all the Harry Potter books in a box set! My daughter is in book heaven!!
The book itself and illustrations are absolute, incredibly extraordinary.
Great set of books!  Got it as a birthday gift for someone, and it arrived right on time!  The day before just as I had planned!  Thanks!
Thank you ! Fast shipping.  The package was intact . The books are marvelous.
I was looking for the whole set and this was the best deal by far. All 7 books for less than $10 a book. I was so excited when I finally got them in the mail.
I never get tired of these books! They always manage to take me to that secret world I would so much love to be in.
Really good set for the price. I thought the packaging held up well. This was the cheapest box set i found for the quality. Great Deal!
Love HP! This set fit perfectly on the bookself where everyone can get to it.
Great product. If you have not read all of these books then you should as soon as possible. The overwhelming Christ story permiates the series.

All 7 novels, original cover art, in an illustrated box sleeve. All books were in great brand new condition with no tears, or issues whatsoever. Great value when looking to buy all 7 HP books.
Love all the Harry Potter books in a box set! My daughter is in book heaven!!
The book itself and illustrations are absolute, incredibly extraordinary.
Great set of books!  Got it as a birthday gift for someone, and it arrived right on time!  The day before just as I had planned!  Thanks!
Thank you ! Fast shipping.  The package was intact . The books are marvelous.
I was looking for the whole set and this was the best deal by far. All 7 books for less than $10 a book. I was so excited when I finally got them in the mail.
I never get tired of these books! They always manage to take me to that secret world I would so much love to be in.
Really good set for the price. I thought the packaging held up well. This was the cheapest box set i found for the quality. Great Deal!
Love HP! This set fit perfectly on the bookself where everyone can get to it.
Great product. If you have not read all of these books then you should as soon as possible. The overwhelming Christ story permiates the series.

All 7 novels, original cover art, in an illustrated box sleeve. All books were in great brand new condition with no tears, or issues whatsoever. Great value when looking to buy all 7 HP books.
Love all the Harry Potter books in a box set! My daughter is in book heaven!!
The book itself and illustrations are absolute, incredibly extraordinary.
Great set of books!  Got it as a birthday gift for someone, and it arrived right on time!  The day before just as I had planned!  Thanks!
Thank you ! Fast shipping.  The package was intact . The books are marvelous.
I was looking for the whole set and this was the best deal by far. All 7 books for less than $10 a book. I was so excited when I finally got them in the mail.
I never get tired of these books! They always manage to take me to that secret world I would so much love to be in.
Really good set for the price. I thought the packaging held up well. This was the cheapest box set i found for the quality. Great Deal!
Love HP! This set fit perfectly on the bookself where everyone can get to it.
Great product. If you have not read all of these books then you should as soon as possible. The overwhelming Christ story permiates the series.

Got these for my 20 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves them.
I love these books. Great books, with beautiful cover art. The only reason for the 4 stars would be that the way it was packaged with tape around the box that caused a bit of ripping on the book sides and box.
The movers lost our hard bound set of the first 6 books.  This set is paperback, but well within my budget.  Love J. K. Rowling!
11 yr old grandson will love it when he gets it on Christmas morning.
Harry Potter is great and this is a great way to read the whole series.
Harry Potter Paperback Box Set (Books 1-7) by J.K. Rowling  My older Greatgrandson loves to read. He is 10 years old.  The conditions of the books were great and got to his in a short time.
good box for those books.bought for my son ..for to read in school. so he finish all of them.. thats good))
Perfect set for my daughter who loves to read. She takes them everywhere.
The books were delivered in excellent condition with no damage at all. Ahh the fresh scent of new books! Loving it...and the price is cheapest for new books too :)
Books are great! A really nice set! A great gift idea.

Came in amazing condition love these books and it was exactly what I had wanted
The box set I received was in perfect condition. Good for anyone collecting or just rereading for fun. I highly recommend this to all fans of the series, therefore I give it five stars and a standing ovation. :)
I was a birthday gift for my gandson and his mother says he just loves the stories.  A great way to inspire him to read more.
The kids are so motivated to read now that they own the set.
Christmas gift for great grandson.  He is very pleased with them.
My son was thrilled with this gift --- especially since he picked them out!
Arrived in perfect condition. I can't wait to read this with my oldest!
Is a present for my Granddaughter, but now I want one for me :)
Christmas gifts ..... they were a hit - I'd recommend them to anyone.
Looks nice on the shelf. Obviously the books themselves are incredible.

Bought this for my grandson who was pleased with it.  Complete set in sturdy box.
Started reading these to my daughter. She loves it. Great packaging.
Great way to have an organize all the books. Daughter loves HP and was thrilled with this collection
Everything is fine
So friggen happy to see my books in the mail!! got here early too. Perfect condition nice packaging and it's Harry Potter!!!!! All around FIVE STARS!!!!
Looks exactly as pictured. My daughter was happy with it.
This is my fourth read and I still learn something new.
I orered this item to have when my grandchildren come to visit me.  They all love the Harry Potter stories.  I also plan to review them also to see what is so appealing to the kids.
This was an excellent set of Harry Potter books. I bought them for my 10 year old daughter and she is absolutely delighted with them! The books even come in a sturdy, beautifully decorated case!
Beautiful box to keep the collection together so that you can read and and re-read the Harry series over and over.

Bought this for my grandson who was pleased with it.  Complete set in sturdy box.
Started reading these to my daughter. She loves it. Great packaging.
Great way to have an organize all the books. Daughter loves HP and was thrilled with this collection
Everything is fine
So friggen happy to see my books in the mail!! got here early too. Perfect condition nice packaging and it's Harry Potter!!!!! All around FIVE STARS!!!!
Looks exactly as pictured. My daughter was happy with it.
This is my fourth read and I still learn something new.
I orered this item to have when my grandchildren come to visit me.  They all love the Harry Potter stories.  I also plan to review them also to see what is so appealing to the kids.
This was an excellent set of Harry Potter books. I bought them for my 10 year old daughter and she is absolutely delighted with them! The books even come in a sturdy, beautifully decorated case!
Beautiful box to keep the collection together so that you can read and and re-read the Harry series over and over.

Bought this for my grandson who was pleased with it.  Complete set in sturdy box.
Started reading these to my daughter. She loves it. Great packaging.
Great way to have an organize all the books. Daughter loves HP and was thrilled with this collection
Everything is fine
So friggen happy to see my books in the mail!! got here early too. Perfect condition nice packaging and it's Harry Potter!!!!! All around FIVE STARS!!!!
Looks exactly as pictured. My daughter was happy with it.
This is my fourth read and I still learn something new.
I orered this item to have when my grandchildren come to visit me.  They all love the Harry Potter stories.  I also plan to review them also to see what is so appealing to the kids.
This was an excellent set of Harry Potter books. I bought them for my 10 year old daughter and she is absolutely delighted with them! The books even come in a sturdy, beautifully decorated case!
Beautiful box to keep the collection together so that you can read and and re-read the Harry series over and over.

Very nice. Came exactly as described. Arrived quickly, too. Thanks!
I love all of the Harry Potter books!  JK Rowling is able to capture the imagination of readers and the intricate plots make this series the hands down best series I've ever read!  I hope some day JK Rowling will write "A History of Hogwarts."  Being a history enthusiast, I would definitely purchase and read that one!
Harry Potter is how I got my son interested in reading. Woohoo!!!
My son needed his own set of Harry Potter Books, he loves this series.
My son loved this boxed set! He could wait to open it up!
Eleven year old Granddaughter will be delighted, saw book 2 at Virginia Symphony Orchestra, she loves it!
Very nice set of the Harry Potter books. Highly recommend.
I chose this box set for my granddaughters birthday gift. It arrived on time and she was so excited. Amazon had the best price for this book set. I am very satisfied and so is my granddaughter.
!!! I know I love the books,  but the set is great!  Very fancy.
Perfect! Exactly as described in item description. I purchased for a 13 year old who just loved receiving this as a gift. Great price!

My son loved this set for summer reading
I became 370% more magical when this box set arrived.
They came in a box that holds them all together. They are great.
Need I say more?  The package arrived expeditiously and in perfect condition.  Thanks say much.
My girls have many paperback books and I wish these were made more sturdy like some of the others they have like the Kingdom Keepers series.
excellent customer service and product
Purchased as a Christmas gift,  I have no feedback at this time.
One has to be highly motivated to slog through this tome.
bought this harry potter books for my granddaughter as a christmas gift i am sure that she really enjoyed them.
This was bought as a gift but who wouldn't like Harry Potter

My son loved this set for summer reading
I became 370% more magical when this box set arrived.
They came in a box that holds them all together. They are great.
Need I say more?  The package arrived expeditiously and in perfect condition.  Thanks say much.
My girls have many paperback books and I wish these were made more sturdy like some of the others they have like the Kingdom Keepers series.
excellent customer service and product
Purchased as a Christmas gift,  I have no feedback at this time.
One has to be highly motivated to slog through this tome.
bought this harry potter books for my granddaughter as a christmas gift i am sure that she really enjoyed them.
This was bought as a gift but who wouldn't like Harry Potter

Love the books! Packaged well, shipped quickly.Paperbacks for the win!
I grew up reading these books, so I just had to purchase them.
Loved them all keep them all coming and thanks
JK Rowling deserves to be the richest woman on the planet.
I bought this set, which is a steal of deal, and I am perfectly satisfied with it. The books are in perfect condition and don't appear to be missing any pages or chapters.
Perfect for the person who can't get enough Harry Potter
Gave this as a gift to my sister. She slaves it and gives me an excuse to borrow and finally read the series.
Such a great story in a set that you can let the kids handle.
Excellent quality. Cheaper than a regular bookstore.
How can you not love Harry Potter?  Books are great, the price was great!  We bought two sets, one for our family and one for my parents!

Love the books! Packaged well, shipped quickly.Paperbacks for the win!
I grew up reading these books, so I just had to purchase them.
Loved them all keep them all coming and thanks
JK Rowling deserves to be the richest woman on the planet.
I bought this set, which is a steal of deal, and I am perfectly satisfied with it. The books are in perfect condition and don't appear to be missing any pages or chapters.
Perfect for the person who can't get enough Harry Potter
Gave this as a gift to my sister. She slaves it and gives me an excuse to borrow and finally read the series.
Such a great story in a set that you can let the kids handle.
Excellent quality. Cheaper than a regular bookstore.
How can you not love Harry Potter?  Books are great, the price was great!  We bought two sets, one for our family and one for my parents!

These are a Christmas present at the request of the child.
My daughter loves it and the price is reasonable.  Love it!
Perfect set, came in without any dents or scuffs. perfect gift
Granddaughter loved the books. Came in excellent condition.
good quality books. Perfect as a gift. My wife likes it
Purchased this as a present. Good quality and packing
Good set of Harry Potter books at a great price. Bought it for my daughter.
excellent  they meet all my expectations  I can recommend this product to others read is a good habit thank you
Paper quality was not up to the expectation. Rest is all good.
I found the books to be in excellent condition and delivery was prompt. It was a gift for Christmas and was greatly appreciated.As always my purchase from Amazon is wonderful.

These are a Christmas present at the request of the child.
My daughter loves it and the price is reasonable.  Love it!
Perfect set, came in without any dents or scuffs. perfect gift
Granddaughter loved the books. Came in excellent condition.
good quality books. Perfect as a gift. My wife likes it
Purchased this as a present. Good quality and packing
Good set of Harry Potter books at a great price. Bought it for my daughter.
excellent  they meet all my expectations  I can recommend this product to others read is a good habit thank you
Paper quality was not up to the expectation. Rest is all good.
I found the books to be in excellent condition and delivery was prompt. It was a gift for Christmas and was greatly appreciated.As always my purchase from Amazon is wonderful.

very nice set daughter excited to start reading them
My niece said she liked them and began reading the day she received them
Very misleading, was under the impression that a chest came with it. Delivery was on time though, and wife loves Harry Potter so can't give them 1 star.  But be more clear because we thought it came with the chest
Great product, delivery, price, and shipping.  A wonderful ordering and receiving experience. Thank you.
Loved having all the books available in a small size.
bought this product because i was looking for a BOXED SET, next time i will hold out until i find the hard cover and pay the extra dollar.books themselves are OBVIOUSLY AMAZING, and will continue to read them forever.
Item is exactly as described and shipped very quickly.  Thank you.
If you like reading, there a a lot of books to read
Need I say more the books explain it all and then some. Just don't ever say the Raining Spell: Paradisio Lluvioso
Nice collection of the classic series in soft cover

Perfect set of new books & came on time as expected!
I bought this for a gift.  My friend loves it.
This item exceeded our expectations. We were prepared to purchase a used set for the same price range and were very happy to find a brand new set for much less than normal retail.
I've been looking for awhile for these books and finally have them! I love them!
Gave as a gift.  The recipient LOVED the set.
Gave as a gift.  Granddaughter love them
I loved these books. I had seen all the movies first, and usually I love the book but hate the movie or love the movie, hate the book. Not in the case. Loved both.
daughter is still reading these and loves them
Very nice inexpensive paperback set.
Arrived in great shape. Our granddaughter quickly added it to her ever-growing library.

Perfect set of new books & came on time as expected!
I bought this for a gift.  My friend loves it.
This item exceeded our expectations. We were prepared to purchase a used set for the same price range and were very happy to find a brand new set for much less than normal retail.
I've been looking for awhile for these books and finally have them! I love them!
Gave as a gift.  The recipient LOVED the set.
Gave as a gift.  Granddaughter love them
I loved these books. I had seen all the movies first, and usually I love the book but hate the movie or love the movie, hate the book. Not in the case. Loved both.
daughter is still reading these and loves them
Very nice inexpensive paperback set.
Arrived in great shape. Our granddaughter quickly added it to her ever-growing library.

Perfect set of new books & came on time as expected!
I bought this for a gift.  My friend loves it.
This item exceeded our expectations. We were prepared to purchase a used set for the same price range and were very happy to find a brand new set for much less than normal retail.
I've been looking for awhile for these books and finally have them! I love them!
Gave as a gift.  The recipient LOVED the set.
Gave as a gift.  Granddaughter love them
I loved these books. I had seen all the movies first, and usually I love the book but hate the movie or love the movie, hate the book. Not in the case. Loved both.
daughter is still reading these and loves them
Very nice inexpensive paperback set.
Arrived in great shape. Our granddaughter quickly added it to her ever-growing library.

grandson really loves these books
A Gift that was well received ♥ Lovely Box Set!
My books came in perfect condition and within a short amount of time.  I'm so happy with my purchase. I even brought them with me to my college dorm and have them sitting right on top of my desk.
very good deal for a very good price. came quickly, good condition,and accurate description. would recommend for anyone who likes this series
Perfect gift for a young Harry Potter fan.
My books are in perfect shape in the collectors box and sealed. They are wonderful for my daughter's birthday present. Thank you so much!
Everyone who's a Potter fan might own the books from hardback already.  If you've waited for the last book in paperback before buying, this set is cool.
I absolutely love these books and am so happy I finally own them. Great read for all ages! Package showed up in great condition and even with complaints about the keepsake box I've had no problems.
Grandson is thrilled with his birthday gift
These were a perfect gift, the price was right.

Amazing product  and fast delivery. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐👍👍👍👍👍
Happy to get these today. Opened up to find one of the book covers ripped. I can live with it. It's just upsetting because it was sealed so I don't understand how this could have happened.
I bought this for my grandson and he loves it.
Great set, great value, lovely gift.
I was looking for the box set of Harry Potter for a gift to my daughter. I found it here at a great price, got it in a week (i'm from Puerto Rico), my daughter love it and we both are very happy.
I like it that it's all in a little display box.
This provides a decade of adventure in a neat, professional package.
Who doesn't love these books? Great characters, amazing world, so imaginative. If you have only seen the movies, the books are so much better. The only problem is I want more!
I ordered this as a gift for my granddaughter at Christmas.  She is 8 and loves it and has already read several of the books since Christmas.  It was a great gift and it was shipped and received as specified.
My son and I are loving reading through these

Amazing product  and fast delivery. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐👍👍👍👍👍
Happy to get these today. Opened up to find one of the book covers ripped. I can live with it. It's just upsetting because it was sealed so I don't understand how this could have happened.
I bought this for my grandson and he loves it.
Great set, great value, lovely gift.
I was looking for the box set of Harry Potter for a gift to my daughter. I found it here at a great price, got it in a week (i'm from Puerto Rico), my daughter love it and we both are very happy.
I like it that it's all in a little display box.
This provides a decade of adventure in a neat, professional package.
Who doesn't love these books? Great characters, amazing world, so imaginative. If you have only seen the movies, the books are so much better. The only problem is I want more!
I ordered this as a gift for my granddaughter at Christmas.  She is 8 and loves it and has already read several of the books since Christmas.  It was a great gift and it was shipped and received as specified.
My son and I are loving reading through these

Nice collection. A decent buy for any harry potter fan. The binding has held up pretty good so far. The box kinda helps in storage.
My son read it many times. Great collection.
came clean and in plastic. very nice quality.
Favorite book collection. Good quality.
My son got better at reading by reading these :D
Great set of book for anyone at any age
Purchased these for my niece, they are as expected and look nice on a bookshelf.
Just started reading and already like it.
Who does not like Harry Potter
Best written books i've read so far! J.K. Rowling is amazing! Perfect for all ages! Go get em! You won't regret it!

Nice collection. A decent buy for any harry potter fan. The binding has held up pretty good so far. The box kinda helps in storage.
My son read it many times. Great collection.
came clean and in plastic. very nice quality.
Favorite book collection. Good quality.
My son got better at reading by reading these :D
Great set of book for anyone at any age
Purchased these for my niece, they are as expected and look nice on a bookshelf.
Just started reading and already like it.
Who does not like Harry Potter
Best written books i've read so far! J.K. Rowling is amazing! Perfect for all ages! Go get em! You won't regret it!

I'm 26 and just now reading these. The series was fantastic.
Great gift for my daughter
very nice product, bought as a gift
A gift, appreciated by the birthday girl.
My Granddaughter had to have this for Christmas, she was so happy to get it.
Great full set. Quality is great! No cosmetic issues.
The books - which have been as set out in the text (not in the Picture) paper and hard cover books - were in a very poor condition!Sorrry - I do not have more than 2 stars for this.
A great blast frim the past. The books come in an awesome case.
Bought the set for my husband who loves it
love all things Harry purchased as a gift

I'm 26 and just now reading these. The series was fantastic.
Great gift for my daughter
very nice product, bought as a gift
A gift, appreciated by the birthday girl.
My Granddaughter had to have this for Christmas, she was so happy to get it.
Great full set. Quality is great! No cosmetic issues.
The books - which have been as set out in the text (not in the Picture) paper and hard cover books - were in a very poor condition!Sorrry - I do not have more than 2 stars for this.
A great blast frim the past. The books come in an awesome case.
Bought the set for my husband who loves it
love all things Harry purchased as a gift

Great set and kids are excited to read
We are reading a chapter a night with my 5 year old and 7 year old.  the movies are still too scary, but the books are great!
Very nice box set.  Makes a great gift.
I bought this set of books for my daughter's 13th birthday. We had read all the books together and she wanted her own collection of them. She is a big Harry Potter fan.
Thank you, a gift for a grandchild.
No problems at all.
Awesome presentation and the box is beautiful
perfect gift for our son, good price.
What can I say?! It is Harry Potter!
My daughter will love this collection!

Great set and kids are excited to read
We are reading a chapter a night with my 5 year old and 7 year old.  the movies are still too scary, but the books are great!
Very nice box set.  Makes a great gift.
I bought this set of books for my daughter's 13th birthday. We had read all the books together and she wanted her own collection of them. She is a big Harry Potter fan.
Thank you, a gift for a grandchild.
No problems at all.
Awesome presentation and the box is beautiful
perfect gift for our son, good price.
What can I say?! It is Harry Potter!
My daughter will love this collection!

Good collection of great stories.
Great value.I know my granddaughter will love them.
The Harry Potter series was purchased for my grandson.  I have read all the books and know he will love them.
Grandson loved the books.
My granddaughter loves her gift.
Family favorite! From mom to child, great read!
It was a gift brought for others.
Brand new set for half the price. Thank you
Good reading for a eight  year old.
Harry Potter.. Need I say more?!?!?!

Good collection of great stories.
Great value.I know my granddaughter will love them.
The Harry Potter series was purchased for my grandson.  I have read all the books and know he will love them.
Grandson loved the books.
My granddaughter loves her gift.
Family favorite! From mom to child, great read!
It was a gift brought for others.
Brand new set for half the price. Thank you
Good reading for a eight  year old.
Harry Potter.. Need I say more?!?!?!

My 7- year old son typically is not that much into reading, but he just cannot put Harry Potter down!  When he finished book one he was very proud of himself-- this was the first time he read anything over 100 pages. Now, a week later, he is almost done with book two.
Economical way to get the whole series
Great price for a replacement set.
Another great hit with my grand daughter.
Simply Beautiful. Ageless fiction.
What library is complete without​ HP.
printed on low quality paper. we just ended up renting the series from the library which had a better and larger print.
Awesome set...nice box...great price
Good gift for Harry Potter Lovers
Guys, it's Harry Potter. Are you really going to rate this down?

Great story
Still reading; love Harry Potter.
It is a complete Harry Potter box set...how could you go wrong.
My 8 year old grandson loves them!!!
Came packaged and wasn't damaged. All the pages are intact and I would recommend you buy this if you want to read the Harry Potter series and save some money by buying them all!
so far this is my favorite one of the series, the changes as harry & the gang are coming of age and the dark lord getting closer. Couldn't wait to get to the end and find out who the half blood prince was.!!!
Great product and quick delivery.
My 13 year old already got through one book.  GREAT reading series.
My son is reading the series and loves the stories.
Can't go wrong w/ Harry Potter.

Great story
Still reading; love Harry Potter.
It is a complete Harry Potter box set...how could you go wrong.
My 8 year old grandson loves them!!!
Came packaged and wasn't damaged. All the pages are intact and I would recommend you buy this if you want to read the Harry Potter series and save some money by buying them all!
so far this is my favorite one of the series, the changes as harry & the gang are coming of age and the dark lord getting closer. Couldn't wait to get to the end and find out who the half blood prince was.!!!
Great product and quick delivery.
My 13 year old already got through one book.  GREAT reading series.
My son is reading the series and loves the stories.
Can't go wrong w/ Harry Potter.

GRANDDAUGHTER LOVED THEM
Daughter read all 7 books in about 2 months. Loved them now I am buying for my nephew for this Christmas. Best price around!
Very happy with this box set
Great set for my 9 y/o bou
Nice boxed set. Quick delivery
Got as a Christmas gift.
as advertised
lovely gift for a potter fan.
Great that Scholastic put out the box set. Such a great price on Amazon. Just started year 3 and can't wait to keep reading. Thanks!!
Great valve for this collection

Happy with the book set. One of the books had a issue at some point and about 20 pages folded up a bit.
the books are great also.
My son loves these books. Great!
Awesome set at a great price!
Best books ever written.  Brings back childhood memories and comes in cute packaging
Love these books! Happy to get a set for my children.
My daughter loves this series ..arrived quickly
bit of damage on the corners, but nothing major
My 6 year old loves the set!
Best book series ever. You won't regret the purchase and it will most likely fill your life with joy and transport you to a happy place. 15/10 would and should recommend this as a gift or a treat for yourself.

Delightfully packaged boxed set of J.K. Rowlings legendary series of modern magic. Box set was very well packed for shipment and arrived with corners intact. Artwork is exquisite.
They are a gift for Christmas for my Granddaughter.
Great deal!! Arrived in perfect condition!!
My wife loves the series
I bought as a Christmas gift.
These books will keep you at the edge of your seat, they are hard to put down. Much better than the movies depicted them to be!
great gift for grand daughter
Of course they are great
Great value for all 7 books
Perfect.

Delightfully packaged boxed set of J.K. Rowlings legendary series of modern magic. Box set was very well packed for shipment and arrived with corners intact. Artwork is exquisite.
They are a gift for Christmas for my Granddaughter.
Great deal!! Arrived in perfect condition!!
My wife loves the series
I bought as a Christmas gift.
These books will keep you at the edge of your seat, they are hard to put down. Much better than the movies depicted them to be!
great gift for grand daughter
Of course they are great
Great value for all 7 books
Perfect.

Delightfully packaged boxed set of J.K. Rowlings legendary series of modern magic. Box set was very well packed for shipment and arrived with corners intact. Artwork is exquisite.
They are a gift for Christmas for my Granddaughter.
Great deal!! Arrived in perfect condition!!
My wife loves the series
I bought as a Christmas gift.
These books will keep you at the edge of your seat, they are hard to put down. Much better than the movies depicted them to be!
great gift for grand daughter
Of course they are great
Great value for all 7 books
Perfect.

Thanks.
my daughter loves it
great resource for magic
grandson loves the books
Kids love this.Thanks
Looked really nice,
My son loved the series.
Great product, thanks.
I bought this for my daughters 16th birthday! She LOVES them. She is already on book 3 and looking at more for me to buy her.
Great series

Thanks.
my daughter loves it
great resource for magic
grandson loves the books
Kids love this.Thanks
Looked really nice,
My son loved the series.
Great product, thanks.
I bought this for my daughters 16th birthday! She LOVES them. She is already on book 3 and looking at more for me to buy her.
Great series

this is worth to pay those cash for it....The books are a lot cleaner than i thought,also, those books are easy to read////so for foreigner or... maybe children can enjoy the book easily.
My son loves these.
Good
My grandson loved it.
Great
Nice set
My grandkids loved the book set.  The oldest has previously read all of them, but is starting through them again.  The next one is in Book 2, I believe.  Having the books on hand is nice for them. Delivery was good and timely.  Books were in good condition.
Great box set of books
Was a gift for my grand daughter. But she loves them already on book 5
The condition of the books was great. The only problem (and I would't even call it that) there was someones old picture in one of the books.

The books arrived fast and were not damaged. I feel like the box set (cardboard) is pretty sturdy. I really like that it holds all the books neatly. I really cannot complain about the product plus the books are a great read. Not bad for a 1st time buy of Harry Potter.
fast shipped! perfect!
Received as advertised
Love Harry Potter
I received this collection a few days after ordering and I am perfectly happy with them and the condition they arrived in! Nothing out of place and a nice collection box
Got the whole set for granddaughter's 10th birthday!  She loves it.  It's been a wonderful, magical summer for her!
nice set of books
Nice paperback set.
great book! Good condition. Looks brand new.
Came in great condition!

The books arrived fast and were not damaged. I feel like the box set (cardboard) is pretty sturdy. I really like that it holds all the books neatly. I really cannot complain about the product plus the books are a great read. Not bad for a 1st time buy of Harry Potter.
fast shipped! perfect!
Received as advertised
Love Harry Potter
I received this collection a few days after ordering and I am perfectly happy with them and the condition they arrived in! Nothing out of place and a nice collection box
Got the whole set for granddaughter's 10th birthday!  She loves it.  It's been a wonderful, magical summer for her!
nice set of books
Nice paperback set.
great book! Good condition. Looks brand new.
Came in great condition!

The books arrived fast and were not damaged. I feel like the box set (cardboard) is pretty sturdy. I really like that it holds all the books neatly. I really cannot complain about the product plus the books are a great read. Not bad for a 1st time buy of Harry Potter.
fast shipped! perfect!
Received as advertised
Love Harry Potter
I received this collection a few days after ordering and I am perfectly happy with them and the condition they arrived in! Nothing out of place and a nice collection box
Got the whole set for granddaughter's 10th birthday!  She loves it.  It's been a wonderful, magical summer for her!
nice set of books
Nice paperback set.
great book! Good condition. Looks brand new.
Came in great condition!

Kids favorite books!
I'm 41 years old and have started reading the series. I have to say, they don't really feel at that much like kids books. Engaging, smart, and wildly entertaining. I'd recommend them to anyone.
Harry Potter.... Need I say more?
I purchased it for my girls Birthday, she is a fan of Harry Potter series and characters in it. She just loved it. 😊
My daughter got this for Christmas and is already almost finished with the whole series!
Nice set. Arrived in time
Wonderful books. :)
In great condition!!!
Great
was really good

Kids favorite books!
I'm 41 years old and have started reading the series. I have to say, they don't really feel at that much like kids books. Engaging, smart, and wildly entertaining. I'd recommend them to anyone.
Harry Potter.... Need I say more?
I purchased it for my girls Birthday, she is a fan of Harry Potter series and characters in it. She just loved it. 😊
My daughter got this for Christmas and is already almost finished with the whole series!
Nice set. Arrived in time
Wonderful books. :)
In great condition!!!
Great
was really good

A+A+A+A+A+ !!!!!
This set of paperback Harry Potter books was purchased as a gift and when I received them I was very pleased with the quality and price.  Very nice purchase!
Its a good compilation of all the seven volumes and at a bargain price.The boxset includes paperback volumes and is good for keepsake or asa gift.
My favorite series put together in a convenient box = best purchase ever!
Arrived on time.  Good Value.
LOVE THESE BOOKS
Exactly as described. Great price on Black Friday
Awesome books and we got it for a great price!
I love it the feel of touch is perfect. And it smells very good and feels good. In short, it is good.
Fast delivery, received as described

A+A+A+A+A+ !!!!!
This set of paperback Harry Potter books was purchased as a gift and when I received them I was very pleased with the quality and price.  Very nice purchase!
Its a good compilation of all the seven volumes and at a bargain price.The boxset includes paperback volumes and is good for keepsake or asa gift.
My favorite series put together in a convenient box = best purchase ever!
Arrived on time.  Good Value.
LOVE THESE BOOKS
Exactly as described. Great price on Black Friday
Awesome books and we got it for a great price!
I love it the feel of touch is perfect. And it smells very good and feels good. In short, it is good.
Fast delivery, received as described

A+A+A+A+A+ !!!!!
This set of paperback Harry Potter books was purchased as a gift and when I received them I was very pleased with the quality and price.  Very nice purchase!
Its a good compilation of all the seven volumes and at a bargain price.The boxset includes paperback volumes and is good for keepsake or asa gift.
My favorite series put together in a convenient box = best purchase ever!
Arrived on time.  Good Value.
LOVE THESE BOOKS
Exactly as described. Great price on Black Friday
Awesome books and we got it for a great price!
I love it the feel of touch is perfect. And it smells very good and feels good. In short, it is good.
Fast delivery, received as described

Great packaging of this wonderful series.
i have been hearing about this book ever sense i was 3 and that made me wish i could read and now i want to be a writer about magical wonders my friends are the ones that got me caught up in all of this so i have been looking forward to it p.s the books are better then the movies.
Amaing series!
love this set!
My son absolutely loves these books. Great set for young readers.
Good quality
Very satisfied
we love it.
The quality of the printing of this set is so poor that I expect it to fall apart within a couple of years.  The paper is cheap, the books are closer to bad photocopies than real printing, and the binding threatens to spring every time you open the book.  I really can't understand workmanship this poor.  Don't buy this set.
Awesome books.

Great packaging of this wonderful series.
i have been hearing about this book ever sense i was 3 and that made me wish i could read and now i want to be a writer about magical wonders my friends are the ones that got me caught up in all of this so i have been looking forward to it p.s the books are better then the movies.
Amaing series!
love this set!
My son absolutely loves these books. Great set for young readers.
Good quality
Very satisfied
we love it.
The quality of the printing of this set is so poor that I expect it to fall apart within a couple of years.  The paper is cheap, the books are closer to bad photocopies than real printing, and the binding threatens to spring every time you open the book.  I really can't understand workmanship this poor.  Don't buy this set.
Awesome books.

Great packaging of this wonderful series.
i have been hearing about this book ever sense i was 3 and that made me wish i could read and now i want to be a writer about magical wonders my friends are the ones that got me caught up in all of this so i have been looking forward to it p.s the books are better then the movies.
Amaing series!
love this set!
My son absolutely loves these books. Great set for young readers.
Good quality
Very satisfied
we love it.
The quality of the printing of this set is so poor that I expect it to fall apart within a couple of years.  The paper is cheap, the books are closer to bad photocopies than real printing, and the binding threatens to spring every time you open the book.  I really can't understand workmanship this poor.  Don't buy this set.
Awesome books.

The books are great and easy to hold.Seems to me that they are slightly  different versions than the hard back books.
Thanks
All the way from Australia thank you for a great purchase.  I have a very happy son who can't wait to read his new books.
Great product!
My son loved his gift
Nice gift.
I bought this set for my daughter. It's a great looking set with even greater stories inside. Way to go J.K. Rowling and Company!
loved them
My niece got into the Harry Potter books recently, so I though I'd get her the whole set. She loves them and is taking her time reading them.
Thank you

The books are great and easy to hold.Seems to me that they are slightly  different versions than the hard back books.
Thanks
All the way from Australia thank you for a great purchase.  I have a very happy son who can't wait to read his new books.
Great product!
My son loved his gift
Nice gift.
I bought this set for my daughter. It's a great looking set with even greater stories inside. Way to go J.K. Rowling and Company!
loved them
My niece got into the Harry Potter books recently, so I though I'd get her the whole set. She loves them and is taking her time reading them.
Thank you

Love them
Gift
What's not to like?
My son loves his new collection. Nice box and nice books
Daughter loves it
The books were a hit with my 9 year old..They were in great shape and i am very happy with my purchase.
LOVED IT!
The product is great, the only problem was the first one I got was damaged and it was a hassle trying to get a new one that wasn't damaged.
The colors on the binding were different than the original paperbacks but other than that these are perfect.
Exactly what we were expecting!

Love them
Gift
What's not to like?
My son loves his new collection. Nice box and nice books
Daughter loves it
The books were a hit with my 9 year old..They were in great shape and i am very happy with my purchase.
LOVED IT!
The product is great, the only problem was the first one I got was damaged and it was a hassle trying to get a new one that wasn't damaged.
The colors on the binding were different than the original paperbacks but other than that these are perfect.
Exactly what we were expecting!

I liked all the books. They are well written and a modern classic. The first books are appropriate for younger readers, but the later books deal with many adult issues. I bought this set for my granddaughter.
grndtr loves it
Hard time putting the books down! && I'm not much of a reader till I came across these!
Thanks!
Love it! Good for the price
Thanks
Nice set for 11 year old .
Perfect condition
GOOD!!
Great!

I liked all the books. They are well written and a modern classic. The first books are appropriate for younger readers, but the later books deal with many adult issues. I bought this set for my granddaughter.
grndtr loves it
Hard time putting the books down! && I'm not much of a reader till I came across these!
Thanks!
Love it! Good for the price
Thanks
Nice set for 11 year old .
Perfect condition
GOOD!!
Great!
